//------------------------------//
// Urohringr// by Imploding Colon//------------------------------//

		//------------------------------//
		// A Time That Was Relevant		//------------------------------//

    “Ledo’s Pride to Mountain Fall Tower!” a frazzled stallion shouted into a soundstone while the bulkheads of a zeppelin gondola rattled all around him.  “Ledo’s Price to Mountain Fall Tower!  We’re losing altitude rapidly!”

    A console toward the starboard compartment caught flame.  Another pony shrieked, flinching away as flames leapt at his coat.  A tremor ran through the ship, finally causing the port side windows to buckle.  They exploded with a shower of glass, raining shards all across the cockpit and filling the interior with the blistering rush of frigid winds.

    “Ledo’s Pride to Mountain Fall Tower!  Please, respond!  We’re coming in too fast!  You need to clear the loading docks right away!  Do you copy?!”  The soundstone in the stallion’s grip went dim.  He grimaced and flung a sweaty look behind his shoulder.  “There’s no response!”

    A mare coughed from the billowing smoke inside.  She leaned against a bulkhead while clutching her bloodied shoulder.  “The communications array must be fried!  Whatever caused that explosion, it crippled us!”

    The stallion with the soundstone gazed down the smoke-filled corridor beyond the cockpit.  As the entire gondola leaned more and more precariously towards starboard, entire clusters of equine passengers clambered over a series of sealed doors.  Stallions grunted and strained with their hooves against the tight handles while mares watched on, holding their foals while shivering in abject terror.

    “Can we get the lateral doors to the manacraft to open?!” he asked.

    “Not with the central manacore of the ship offline!” the mare sputtered to respond.  “All of the conduits have been dead since that first explosion rocked us!”

    “Any idea how to get the doors open?”

    “I’m sorry!”  The mare grimaced as the ship buckled again.  High altitude winds pelted her face as she shouted into the bedlam, “Red Bolt was the engineer, and we lost her in the blast!”

    “How many other ponies are dead?!”

    “I-I haven’t had a chance to keep count!”

    The stallion gritted his teeth and shouted across the compartment.  “Does anypony still alive have any engineering skills whatsoever?!”

    Several citizens shivered in fright.  Two ponies tending to a wounded mare merely glanced up.  At last, a zebra galloped into view, panting frantically.

    “I know a thing or two!” he shouted, then gulped.  “This is my sixth month serving on board Ledo’s Pride!”

    “What’s your name?!” the stallion asked.

    “Pilate.”

    “Aren’t you in charge of Navigations?”

    Another window shattered, causing several ponies to flinch and a few more to shriek.  Pilate gritted his teeth, leaning against a bulkhead while his blue eyes glared across the compartment.  “You couldn’t have picked a less fortuitous time to push the issue!  I’ve witnessed many a pony at work in more zeppelins than you can count!  So tell me what you need me to do!”

    “We’re descending fast!” the stallion exclaimed.  Behind him, the windows showed nothing but mountains and forest canopies.  “There are entire families on board this ship, and the doors to the escape manacraft are jammed shut!  If you can restore energy to the manaconduits, we might be able to get most of the ponies out of here!”

    Pilate braced himself as another tremor rattled through the gondola.  “If what caused the explosion is what I think it is, then there’ll be barely enough mana left in the core to allow access to one of the ships!”

    “Good enough!”

    “But I can’t promise there’ll be any energy left to even us out!  Even if I recalibrated it from the start!”

    “I know,” the stallion said.

    Pilate blinked.  He clenched his jaw, 