and after a deep breath uttered, “I’m going to need help!”

    “I’m with you!” the stallion said, shoving the sound stone into the mare’s grasp.  “Keep trying to contact the Tower at Mountain Fall!  If we can get through to them, they might just be able to spare a manaship in time to save us!”

    “Right…”

    “When those doors open, make sure as many ponies get off this zeppelin as possible!”  The stallion followed Pilate as they both rushed towards a series of vertical crawl spaces leading down to the lower decks.  “Wait for the doors, not for us, do you hear me?!”

    “Loud and clear!”

    The panicked voices of the ponies up above dwindled, devoured by the noise of hissing steam and rattling bulkheads as the two stallions rapidly descended into the heart of the ship.  Pilate was several ladder rungs below the other equine, moving at a brisk pace.  He was a deck away from his destination when the entire ship shook.  The ladder bent down its middle, and both ponies felt their bodies swaying as the zeppelin’s center of gravity shifted.

    “Nnngh!”  The stallion above grimaced, his hooves slipping.  “Whoah-Aaaaugh!”  He plummeted towards a mesh of metal pipes below.

    A strong hoof clasped over his.  Pilate dangled from one forelimb as he shot his other out, saving the stallion at the last second.  The two swung like pendulums from a single ladder rung.  Pilate sweated, glancing out the corner of his eye as sweat ran down his muzzle.  Through a tiny porthole, he could see the horizon pivoting about forty-five degrees.  The faint blur of buildings and mountains spun in and out of view.

    “Just swing me!  I can latch on--”

    Pilate was way ahead of him.  “Hnnnngh!”  With tight muscles, the zebra tossed the stallion’s weight towards the lower ladder.  The pony caught on, took a deep breath, and shimmied down the last length.  “I owe you one!”

    “Nopony owes me anything yet…”  Pilate hopped down beside him.  Steambolts popped loose from a console beside him and the air in the chamber heated up. “Move!  Move!”

    Both stallions galloped down a crooked passageway while backup steam tanks buckled behind them.  Once they made it past a compartment door, they brushed aside the half-burnt corpse of a crew member and both worked together to slam a thick metal door shut.  They succeeded in sealing it on their end before the tanks on the other side ruptured, filling the chamber with scalding hot steam.

    “We can’t have much time,” the stallion said.  “We could be hitting the ground at any moment.”

    “Fortunately I know where to go.”

    “Good, because I’m lost down here.”

    “Follow me.”  Pilate galloped down the cramped passageway.

    After a few paces, it opened up into a wide chamber lit with hazy blue light.  Pilate immediately galloped up to a wall lined with five translucent compartments.  He squinted, staring into the multiple furnaces.  “This isn’t good.”

    “Lay it on me.”

    “Only two of the compartments contain manaflame.  We’ve loss too much energy.  I’m not sure we have enough to reignite the manaconduits to the upper gondola’s doors.”

    “Can you think of something?” the stallion stammered.  “Anything?!”

    Pilate rubbed his chin, his blue eyes darting left and right in thought.  He stood calmly while the ship groaned metallically around him.  At last, the zebra gritted his teeth and muttered, “It would require opening the lateral vents to the combustible particulates…”

    “Come again?”

    Pilate pointed to black tanks located on either side of the five furnaces.  “Each Class Three Ledomaritan Engine is equipped with pressurized supplies of arcane powder that is used to ignite the core for acceleration.  Typically, the material is channeled into the furnace in tiny bursts.  But, with the manaflame in such short supply, we could dump all of the particulates into the remaining lit cores and ignite a spar