stepped aside and gestured towards the wide, glittering ocean.  "Take a dip, gurl."

	"Well, I don't see any of you ponies coming up with bright ideas!"

	"I take offense to that, sir," Zaid frowned.  "My village was raided by a marauding gang of bright ideas when I was just a colt!"

	"All of this floating around isn't doing any good!  If Roarke was here, we'd have figured out a way to send another flier out there along with Rainbow Dash!"

	"Yes, well, since she spontaneously decided to leave us, we've had to make do with a lot less sexiness!"  Zaid turned and waved at Props.  "No offense."

	"It's okay.  Besides, that's Floydien's job."

	A loud electrical buzz sparked from the cockpit, and the elk grunted, "Deep puss!  Grnngh!  Biscuit eating estrus fridge!"

	Props sighed dreamily, fanning herself.  "Nothing short of poetry..."

	"Well, we've gotta do something!"  Eagle Eye cackled.  "Turn the ship about!  Follow her last known coordinates!"

	"Staying here is the smartest thing," Props said, blinking at both stallions.  "And we all know it."

	"I dunno about you, but I'm running out of patience."  Eagle Eye folded his forelimbs.  "Rainbow had better have a sweet excuse for why she's been gone for so long!"

	"I dunno about sweet—but how's 'juicy' for a twist?"

	Phwomp!  A large, wet sack of flesh landed on the deck in front of Eagle Eye.  He and Props jumped back, gasping.  The large gland bled into a shallow pool, its organic core pulsating with dull crimson light.

	"Play ball!" Zaid quipped.

	Rainbow landed a few feet away, shaking like a feline as she tossed all the loose flecks of snow from her leather coat.  "Nnnngh... Can't believe I carried that thing for over an hour.  Ever wondered what it's like to share a stagecoach with a skunk that's eaten twenty whole onions?"  She shivered.  "Luna poop, I don't even wanna finish that analogy..."

	"I can't believe you found another one!"  Props squealed, practically hugging the large fleshy sack.  "And it's so well-preserved, too!"  She glanced over, blinking.  "Did you chop it off a live one, this time?"

	"Heck, no.  You think I wanna become dinner before my time?"  Rainbow Dash lowered her hood and shook her mane loose.  "If I die that way, then I want ogres sipping my blood for an energy drink.  Trust me, I've brushed paths with way too many subterannean worms, eels, and tentacled... tentacles to ever wanna end up the lunch of one."

	"I do believe there is enough flame mucus inside this to make a new core for the Jury's mana-powered heat synthesizer!"

	"You sure there's enough?"  Rainbow Dash made a face.  "The thing's pretty darn dim."

	"To steal something that Ebony's been saying lately..."  Props gripped the slimy gland in one hoof and strained as she dragged it towards the rear stairwell.  "Nnnngh... 'I'll take what I can get.'"

	"Propsy, you can have it."  With a shiver, Eagle turned, faced Rainbow, and smiled.  "I knew you'd come back in one piece!"

	"Anypony ever tell you that your horn grows when you lie?"

	"Huh?"  The stallion blinked, then felt his forehead.

	"Nnnngh... Celestia, that's creepy."  Rainbow Dash turned towards the cockpit.  "It used to work on the bookworm too."

	"Hey, Rainbow, now that you're here, think you might pay a visit to the infirmary?" Zaid remarked, waving.

	"What for?"  Rainbow asked without looking.  "Is Pilate sick?"

	"Well, no..."  Zaid's eyes narrowed.  "But he could certainly use some company that isn't me and... well... me.  I hear too much of me can lead to gallstones."

	Rainbow Dash lingered above the crawlspace besides where Floydien was angrily fiddling with the intercom console.  At last, she took a deep breath and said, "Pilate needs his rest.  He doesn't need me disturbing him—or any other pony for that matter."

	"For real?"  Zaid blinked.  "We've been hovering over this ocean of lameness for nearly a week.  It's breaking our brain balls hard enough as it is—I fear for the zebra's pair."

	"Cute.  But he's been through crud and back.  Ju