  With an audible gulp, she trotted back, pointing at the effigy.  "Dashie?"

	"Hmmm?"  Rainbow glanced at her, then at the statue.  "What—?"  Her ears instantly drooped.

	With all the dust cleared off, the statue had exposed its true colors—complete with a faded paint job across Commander Hurricane's muzzle, eyes, and ears.  The most noticeable detail was the granite mare's mane, more specifically its different hues—all seven of them.

	Elma's beak hung agape.  She glanced at Josho, and then both of them stared at Rainbow Dash.  Everypony but Pilate was staring at Rainbow Dash.

	"Huh..."  The pegasus blinked.  "...well that's groovy."
		//------------------------------//
		// Hypothesizing Through Dashes and Stripes		//------------------------------//

    Josho shuffled closer to the grave of Hurricane.  He squinted at the effigy, turned to blink at Rainbow, then stared at the statue again.  “Looks like you two dipped your heads in the same toilet.”

    “Derm…”  Rainbow Dash fidgeted.

    “I do not understand,” Pilate murmured aloud.  “What’s just been revealed?”

    “Dashie and Hurricaney totally have the same maney!”  Props exclaimed, staring wide-eyed at the spectral arrangement of the granite equine’s hair.  “They’re practically sisteroos!”

    “The resemblance is certainly uncanny,” Elma Boreal said.  “And that’s not just my personal bias as a talking snapping turtle.  Heh.”

    “Whit ur th' odds ay thes sort ay guff unpeelin' itself frae th' proverbial wall, lassie?” Prowse remarked.

    “Hey, don’t look at me!”  Rainbow Dash grunted.  “I just fly here!”

    “Listen, Paint Bucket.”  Josho pointed at the statue with a frown.  “You can’t just ignore this shiznet!”

    “Considering everything we’re learning about this place, I think it begs the question, Rainbow Dash,” Pilate said.  “How much do you know about this… Commander Hurricane?”

    “Dude, what is there not to know?!”  Rainbow Dash tossed her forelimbs as she hovered before the tomb.  “She was the leader of Pegasopolis!  She helped found Equestria back when windigos ravaged the landscape!  She fought griffons and wyverns and cyclopses and all manners of bad dudes across the pre-classical skies of my homeland!”

    “Yes, but what her specifically?”  Pilate’s metal brow furrowed.  “Did she have any physical descriptions?  Any relations?  Heirs?  Descendants?”

    “I… uh… I’m afraid I can’t h-help you there,” Rainbow said with ears drooping.

    “Pffft.  Terrific.”  Josho rolled his eyes.  “The one pegasus from Equestria and she sucks at her history lessons.”

    “Choke on your own fat, lardo!”  Rainbow frowned at him.  “Hurricane’s a friggin’ household name where I was born!  Every pony with an ounce of feathers knows all about her legacy and career!  Her private life, however, was hers and hers alone!  She disappeared in obscurity, and the whereabouts of her final resting place has been a huge mystery in Equestrian society!”  She sighed, staring dully at the tomb.  “Until today…”

    “So there’s no description at all about her physical traits?”  Pilate asked.

    “Or that she looks just as adoracute and colorful as Dash-Dash?” Props asked.

    “Hey, don’t push it,” Rainbow Dash grunted, pointing at her.  Rainbow turned towards the tomb once more, shrugging.  “There’ve been statues of her, but all of the ones that survive to this day were built well after the Pre-Classical era.  There’s no written records of--like--what her mane looked like.”

    “Alright, Rainbow, then perhaps I have a more appropriate question for this situation.”  Pilate fumbled a bit before he blindly paced towards her side.  “How many… uhm… pegasi are born like you?”

    “Pfft.  Never.”  Rainbow Dash smirked.  “Come on, Stripesy. You can do better than that.”

    “Please, Rainbow, be a bit more receptive here.”  Pilate leaned closer.  