rdo's making perfect sense," Josho said.  "Rainbow?"

	"Uhm... right..."  Rainbow Dash touched down, squinting at the chiseled characters.  "Just gimme a sec.  This stuff is pretty archaic..."

	"Assuming that all of this speculation about Commander Hurricane is correct," Elma Boreal spoke, "Then what kind of implication does it have about what brought her from Equestria to here?"

	"Undoubtedly she had the best interests of her kingdom in mind," Pilate said.  "Although, if it stands to reason that what drew her this far east is the same as what's driven Rainbow Dash this far east..."

	Props finished the thought.  "It couldn't be a total coinkydinky that Dashie's here!"

	"Precisely."

	"Unnngh..."  Boreal rubbed her scaled head.  "And here I thought it was the fluctuating barometric pressure getting to my skull..."

	"Hmmm..."  Rainbow Dash hummed, her brow furrowing.

	Pilate tilted his head about with twitching ears.  "What is it, Rainbow?"

	"Lemme see if I can break it down to ya guys..."  Rainbow took a deep breath, then spoke while scanning the carved lines with her ruby eyes.  "'Here doth lie the Wings of the Three Tribes, brandishing the Sword of Solstice, Her Majesty's burning gift of righteousness, that the vile phantoms of the sky may forever be vanquished.  Commander Hurricane liveth forever in spirit, while her body and her children's children remaineth faithful to her cause, dwelling within this forsaken city's...'"  She blinked hard.  "The last word's kind of hard to make out."

	"How do you mean?"

	"Wait, I got it.  'Hold,'" Rainbow Dash said.  "'This forsaken city's hold.'"

	"What made it so hard to read?" Props asked.

	Rainbow shuddered, leaned back, and pointed at the last word.  "Take a look for yourself."

	Props leaned in, blinking through her thick goggles.  "Is that... red stuff...?"

	"It's blood, alright," Josho said with a nod.

	"Yoo've gotta be pullin' mah leg!" Prowse exhaled.  "What's left ay them!"

	"I'm no stranger to evisceration, buddy," Josho muttered.  "I've seen my fair share.  And not only is that blood..."  He pointed, speaking in a low tone.  "But that stuff is pretty fresh."

	"Fresh?!" Pilate remarked.

	"At least a damn sight fresher than hundreds of years, or whatever the Hell we're dealing with when it comes to Rainbow's ancestor here."

	"She's not my ancestor," Rainbow grumbled.

	"Ya sure about that, bright eyes?"

	Rainbow said nothing.

	"Whit in th' nam ay hay stalks coods hae leaked bluid oan th' ootwith ay thes tomb?!" Prowse exclaimed.

	"I've got an even better question," Josho said.  "What would have bled on only one word and one word in particular?"

	'You're certain of that, Josho?" Pilate asked.

	"I wish you could see it for yourself, buddy," Josho grunted.  "It's that last word—'hold.'  The thing's practically soaking in it, almost as if it's highlighted."

	"Perhaps..."  Elma fidgeted as she thought aloud, "Perhaps there's a purpose to that."

	"Like what?" Props asked.

	Rainbow Dash was already hovering higher from the tomb, rubbing her chin.  Blinking, she pivoted about and faced the center of the large, round room.  The floor was covered in wavering light from the refracting rainwater against the glass dome above.  In the very center was the round stone, surrounded by the many vertical rods with black shards on their ends.

	Narrowing her eyes, Rainbow flew over, staring straight down at the round stone.

	Elma shuffled past Pilate and stood beneath Rainbow.  "It's... it's the same shape as this building," the turtle said.  "The stone, that is."

	"Right... Which makes sense," Rainbow said.  "'Cuz all of the rods around it control the obeslisks floating throughout Stratopolis."

	"But... why is this so important at the moment?"

	Suddenly, Rainbow smirked.  She pointed at one spot on top of the circular stone.  "That's why."

	Elma Boreal squinted.  She blinked in surprise.  Meanwhile, Josho shuffled over, staring at the same spot.  "Blood," the old stallion said.  "Just as brig