ht as the stain on Hurricane's tomb."

	"Ew, really?" Props remarked, squirming.

	"Whit dae ye suppose 'at means?" Prowse asked.

	Rainbow glanced at the others.  She smirked.  "Wanna bet that's where a certain pegasus 'hold' is located?"

	Everyone exchanged glances, save Pilate, of course.

	"What are you suggesting, Dashie?" Props asked.

	Rainbow Dash was already counting the number of rods between the stained part of the circular stone and the staff that had been pulled all the way towards the center of the room.  "I'm suggesting..."  She flapped her wings harder and flew towards the corresponding corridor leading out of the chamber.  "...that we go see what happened to Hurricane's 'children's children...'"



	The trip through the heart of the building took a great deal longer than Rainbow Dash had anticipated.  The temple suddenly felt ten times larger on the inside than it looked on the outside, and with each twist and turn that the group made, their ears constantly popped from the varying pockets of pressurized air being funneled in and out by the turbulent weather outside.

	"Forgive me for voicing my pessimism," Elma murmured.  "But is there even a point to this venture?"  She fidgeted, her shell rattling.  "This place departed Rainbow's homeland eons ago.  What are the chances that any of her pegasus forebearers would still be alive, guarding this place?"

	"You saw the blood on the tomb and the rock," Josho said, walking at the head of the group with his shining horn.  "Whatever left that marker for us had to have been here recently."

	"How recently would you estimate?"

	"Recently enough to make me believe we're not the only ones holed up in here," Josho said.  "Wouldn't you agree, Pilate?"

	"To be honest, Mr. Josho, I'm rather lost."  The zebra gulped and leaned on the obese stallion in mid-stride.  "Rainbow?  What are you thinking of this moment?"

	"I'm thinking that whatever's in this 'Hold,' alive or dead, it's the next best way to getting answers about this place."  Rainbow took a deep breath.  "If Commander Hurricane chose to die here, it had to have been for a darn good reason.  She likely brought a bunch of important secrets to her grave.  Such as what she was truly guarding.  And—more importantly—how to get rid of this place once and for all."

	"'Get rid of this place?'" Pilate stammered.  "Why, whatever for, Rainbow?"

	"I know you can't see this place with your own eyes, Stripsey, but trust me.  It's bad news.  All of it.  Between all of the crashed zeppelins and the creepy murals and the plain deadness of each and every hallway..."  Rainbow Dash shuddered, her teeth showing.

	"Something the matter, Dashie?" Props asked.

	"Yeah..."  Rainbow muttered.  "I haven't felt this creeped out about a place since Silvadel."  She gulped as she down the tight hallway.  "Hurricane's stone isn't the only burial site.  I think this whole city is one giant floating tomb, and we all flew right into the heart of it.  I wanna get us out of here.  But, more importantly, I wanna make sure that I make it so that no more ponies—or even Lounge—get stuck here ever again."

	"How do you intend to do that?" Elma asked.

	"I'm not sure.  One thing at a time, Myrtle."

	"Ah keep thinkin' an' thinkin'," Prowse muttered.  "Whit dae ye suppose 'at 'Sword ay Solstice' is 'at th' grave's words spoke abit?"

	"Beats the heck out of me," Rainbow said.

	"Yoo're th' a body pony 'at knows anythin' abit commander hurricane," Prowse remarked.  "Yoo're tellin' me yoo've nae scooby abit thes bludy 'gift ay righteoosness' naf?"

	Rainbow squinted aside.  "Why's it a big deal all of the sudden?"

	"Everypony, head's up!"  Josho exclaimed, holding a hoof out as he stopped in his racks.  "Something's in front of us!"

	"Wh-what is it?" Pilate remarked.

	Rainbow Dash hovered in place, squinting ahead.  She brought a hoof up to her pendant and gave it a circular stroke.  A ruby spotlight formed in front of her, illuminating the jagged edges of a thick barricade constructed o