ut several random zeppelin parts and metal engine chunks.

	"Holy sprockets..."  Props exhaled out loud.  "Take a look at that, Unky Prowsy!"  She glanced aside, smiling a dumb smile.  "It's like an airship vomited all over the place!"

	"Mair loch a dizzen different airships, Propsicle," Prowse remarked.  "An' gantin ones, tae bit."

	"I..."  Josho blinked, wincing in confusion.  "I-I don't think pegasi did this."

	"Me neither," Rainbow Dash said.  She flew towards the wall of junk and gave it a light shove... then a strong, budging shoulder.  "Nnnngh..."  She leaned back, panting.  "The stuff is packed dense.  Whoever did this, they wanted to keep us out."

	"Us?" Pilate asked.  "Or something else entirely?"

	Silence.

	"Well, what now?" Elma asked.

	"I don't know about you guys, but I didn't come down all the way here just to bump my head against a wall of turds."  Josho cracked the joints in his neck and glowed his horn brighter.  "I say we make ourselves at home."

	"Ponies, please..."  Pilate shifted nervously.  "There's gotta be another solution."

	"Just what, exactly?" Rainbow Dash smirked.  "I'm not a fan of being stuck here forever, Stripsey.  If there're answers to this place in that 'Hold,' then I'm all for kicking the door down.  Whatever it takes to get us out of here."

	"Remember..."  Elma gulped.  "We've got the Lounge on our tails."

	"Perhaps, but—"  Pilate began.

	"No more horsing around."  Josho gently pushed the zebra back so that he had a clear view of the barrier.  "Let's get this over with."

	"Fancy tearin' 'at wall doon oan yer lonesome, buddy?" Prowse asked.

	"I could certainly use a hand, if you catch my drift."

	"Consider it caught, locked, an' loaded."  Clak-clak-clak!  Prowse converted his left metal prosthetic into a cannon and aimed at the barricade.  "Oan yer mark."

	Josho's horn glowed brighter and brighter as he braced himself beside the bearded stallion.  "Three... two... one... Shoot!"

	KAPOW!  A fiery salvo was launched at the barricade, a projectile accelerated by Josho's thunderously powerful telekinesis.  In a bright burst, the discharge utterly obliterated the thick layer of metal bits in front of the group.  Josho's telekinesis switched on, sheltering the group from flying bits of shrapnel.

	At last, as the dust and thunder cleared, Rainbow Dash flew ahead, shining beams of ruby light through the settling haze.  Not far beyond the blasted chunk in the metal wall, the thin corridor opened into a wide chamber with a low ceiling.  It felt as if they had descended into the basement of the round structure, and the marble walls were suddenly replaced with craggy brick and ancient mortar.  What's more...

	"Light..."  Props murmured allowed.  "I see torchlight!"

	"Torchlight?"  Pilate remarked, hobbling after Josho.

	"What in heaven's name is this place?" Elma asked.

	Rainbow gulped, flying slowly, cautiously ahead of the group.  "Uhm... h-hello?"  Her voice echoed ahead of their trotting limbs.  "Hello?!  Is anypony there?"  She fidgeted in midair, feeling her heartbeat in her neck and mouth muscles.  "Any... fly-flying ponies, perhaps?"

	"Rainbow..."  Pilate breathily murmured.

	"Don't..."  Elma winced, reptilian eyes darting back and forth against the brick walls.  "D-don't like this..."

	"Rainbow, I-I think maybe we should—"

	"There!"  Josho rasped.

	Rainbow turned to look.  A shadow had darted in the torchlight from around the corner.  It was swiftly followed by two more shadows, then the sound of limbs splashing in shallow puddles.  Then silence.

	Rainbow Dash hovered in place, holding her breath.  She held a hoof out, signaling mutely for Josho to hold his position.

	He nodded, levitating his shotgun by his side.  He kept it trained on the corner while Rainbow Dash hovered slowly around, eyes locked on the turn in the mortar-constructed partition.  At last, she entered an adjacent temple, eyes squinting.

	Several metal barrels were lit with continuously flickering flames.  What's more, tatte