red canvas tarps hung over rusted aluminum lean-tos.  There were metal chests spilling over with moldy rations, engine pieces, and blunt weapons.  In a far corner—smelling with a rank stench—was a makeshift lavatory.

	Rainbow's lips pursed.  She turned and looked towards another part of the chamber.  She saw several sleeping mats lying back to back.  "Just... h-how many ponies are holed up in here—?!"

	P-Pow!  A crossbolt ricocheted off the wall to her side.

	She spun, dove low, and skidded to a stop on grinding hooves.  Less than a second later, several bright beams were being projected across her muzzle.  She gritted her teeth, squinting into a series of bright lights.

	"Hold it right there, monster!"

	"Rekkha mensruhmmen trenna drawlt!"

	"Hranna thiul drenna dien!"

	"That's as far as you go!"

	Rainbow became vaguely aware of equine shapes pouring out of the darkness with every manner of weapon trained on her petite figure.

	"Look!"  Rainbow's voice cracked.  "We got stuck here!  We just came to figure out what's going on in this place—"

	A metal weapon cocked loudly.  "A likely story!  Back to the shadows, shape-shifter!"

	Rainbow blinked into the blinding light.  "Shape-shifter?!"

	"You heard me!"  One shadow moved closer, the blinding light staring Rainbow down.  "If you came here hauling more victims in, you'd best toss them into the Wastes!  It'd be doing them a favor!"

	"The heck are you even talking about—"

	Bl-Blam!  A blast rang out from behind Rainbow Dash, followed by two more successive shots.

	One by one, the bright beams broke off from Rainbow as Josho charged in, expertly blasting the weapons out of the ponies' grips.  Rainbow saw haggard stallions and mares stumbling in the muzzle flash.  Two squatted low, firing levitating crossbows in a return volley.

	Josho ducked, rolled to the side, and fired at a metal shack besides the pair.  The structure shattered, spilling over the gasping duo as they succumbed to the weight.

	Three tattooed ponies galloped up with levitating scimitars.

	"Uh uh!"  Josho swiveled, cocking his shotgun with a menacing glare.  "Any closer and you'll be drowning in mana!"

	The warriors skidded to a stop, gritting their teeth and hyperventilating.  Their limbs were thin, their faces pale and emaciated beneath their swirling coat patterns.

	"Friggin' Xonans..."  Josho sneered, stepping closer to Rainbow Dash's side while keeping his weapon trained on the mysterious group.  "Why does it always have to be Xonans?"

	"Thanks for the save, big buddy," Rainbow muttered as he flapped her wings and hovered again.  "But let's take a moment to survey the situation..."

	"What's to survey?"  Josho grumbled.  "It's a den of snakes.  Plain and simple."

	"Look, will you friggin' put your testosterone on the shelf for a single Celestia-bucking moment?!"

	"Mehkshuul thiul rannadren, Ledomulien trenna tanne!" one warrior spat.

	"Rainbow?!  Josho?!"  Pilate hobbled in with Props and Elma.  "What's going on here?!  And..."  He gulped.  "...did I just hear what I thought I heard?"

	"How many are in this place?" Elma murmured.

	"I..."  Rainbow stammered, her eyes widening as more and more bodies shuffled out of the shadows.  "I-I can't tell.  Dozens?  A hundred?"

	"Everypony, just calm down," a stallion's voice said from where he trotted into the torchlight, helping ponies up to their hooves—tattooed and not.  "Look, they can't all be shape-shifters!  Look, one of them's using telekinesis!"

	"Hey!"  Josho shouted at the pony in question.  "I'm the one with the shotgun here!  Stop moving, dammit!"

	"Don't you get it?!"  the stallion shouted back.  "We're on the same side!"

	"How do you know that?!" sputtered a shivering mare from the shadows.  "It's a trick!  Just like before!"

	"They're trying to ensnare us!" another stammered.

	"Menna'sethulienna masta'ranna drenna'dennu trenna'sien," spoke a rather large Xonan in the center of the group, frowning.  "Feluusen mara'ttan clennu Lasairfion Xon-Nagu