'n."

	"Will you relax, Arcshod?!  They're not here for her!  Can't you see they're just as confused as we are?!"

	Rainbow's head jerked at that.  Her mouth hung agape as she stared at the tall Xonan currently scowling at her.  "I've... I've seen him before... but..."  Blinking, she glanced towards the very rear of the room.  A tall, slender mare with a pronounced horn and a flowing mane peered out from the shadows.  As soon as Rainbow's eyes made contact, a thick line of tattooed ponies formed a tight, protective circle around her.  "No friggin' way..."

	"Please, everypony just calm down..."  The stallion stepped away from Arcshod, waving his forelimbs.  He was an earth pony with a shaved mane and a dirty blue coat covered in several places with dark spots.  "There's no need for all the gun-waving.  Let's just have a talk and—"  He froze in place, gawking at Rainbow Dash's wings.  "A... fly-flying pony?"

	Several ponies murmured in the distance.

	"Rekkha seniul brenna surumm threatta!"

	"She's one of th-them!  She has to b-be!"

	"The storm brought her to finish us all off!"

	"I didn't come to finish anypony off!" Rainbow shouted.

	"For Ledo's sake!"  Josho hissed, staring down his shotgun.  "Will somepony just tell us what you're all doing here?!"

	"That's a very good question, old friend."

	Josho twitched, his pupils shrinking at the very sound of the voice.  His head cocked to the side.

	A frail figure limped out of the shadows.  "Just what are you doing here?"  An old stallion stood, his thin face squinting under a fine mane of silken gray hairs.  "Of all the places for you to show up after all these years—a forsaken city of floating death traps in the middle of the frozen wastes?"  He slowly shook his head.  "It's far too great a coincidence.  Arcshod's right to be paranoid.  You're nothing but imposters."

	Josho's mouth hung agape.  "Secchy...?!"

	Seclorum breathed melancholically.  "If only it were truly you, old friend."

	"This is bullshit..."  Josho snarled, then shouted, "I watched you die!"

	"How dare you."  Seclorum's eyes narrowed over a frowning muzzle.  "You've used fascimiles of my very own soldiers against me.  But this?"  He shook his head.  "This is simply pathetic."  He glanced aside at the other ponies.  "Go ahead and shoot them."

	"No!"  The blue stallion shouted at his cohorts before they could scramble for their makeshift crossbows.  "No more blood!  Let's try to make sense of this!"

	"Enough talk, Aatxe!" Seclorum growled.  "You're a nice kid, but not a very bright one!  Can't you see they're spitting in our faces!"

	"We're not trying to spit at anypony!"  Props exclaimed, stepping ahead of Elma.  "Honest!  Trust a mare who's worked alongside a handsome elk!  We're totally and utterly spit free!"

	"Pr-Propsicle...?"

	Props gasped sharply.  Her goggled eyes blurred towards the side.

	A frail shape hobbled out of the shadows.  Coming into the light, a stallion with a pale coat and scarlet stubble stood before her, leaning on a crutch.  "Is... is that you, m-my niece?"

	Rainbow Dash blinked, then glanced down at Props.

	The blonde mare peeled her goggles up, staring wide-eyed.  "Unky Prowsy...?"

	The stallion blinked blearily at her across the torchlight, his eyes glistening.

	Gaping, Props mewled, "But... but..."  She spun around, shivering.

	Elma, Josho, and Rainbow spun with her.

	"... ... ..."  Professor Prowse stared back at the group.  He was silent and still... until a wicked grin flashed across his face.  "Hnnngh!"  With a flash of green fire, he jumped backwards, tossing his metal prosthetic like a club.  It rattled on the floor in between everypony, where it proceeded to emit a high-pitched whine beneath the sound of retreating dragonfly wings.

	Before Props could shout, Seclorum was dashing forward, grabbing her in two forelimbs and tossing the two of them behind a stack of metal crates.  "Everypony, get down—!"

	"Crud—!"  Josho plowed into Pilate's and Elma's sides.

	The chamber filled wit