h flame and shrapnel.  Ponies screamed in various tongues, diving out of the way of the concussive force of the exploding prosthetic.  Rainbow Dash's wings caught the full brunt of the vaporously heated air.  She flew backwards, breathless, and slammed hard into a brick wall.  When she collapsed, layers upon layers of stone crumbled along with her, utterly blocking the hallway they used to get there and filling the entire interior with soot and dust.

	Then all was blackness.
		//------------------------------//
		// Into This House We're Born		//------------------------------//

	A dull bass reverberation boomed across the windswept air.  Ebon Mane's and Eagle Eye's heads instantly turned from where the two ponies had set up a bonfire on the temple floor alongside the Noble Jury.  Floydien peered curiously through the cockpit while Bellesmith and Zaid rushed up to the edge of the ship's tilted upper deck.

	Rainwater was rolling off the balcony of the large round building immediately facing them.  The heavy vibrations continued, culminating in a stream of dust that fell from one particular spot along the big structure's underbelly, followed by a column of loose bricks that trickled towards the distant temples hovering through the storm below.

	At last, the rumbling ended, and the Jurists heard nothing but the consistent howl once again.

	"Was..."  Ebon stammered.  "Was that thunder just now...?"

	"No..."  Floydien said, trotting out from the cockpit and peering over the ship's edge for a better look.  "That was a different kind of glimmer."

	"It came from inside the central temple," Eagle Eye thought out loud.  He turned and glanced worriedly at the others.  "I could have sworn..."

	Belle's pupils shrank as she held Kera tighter.  "Pilate..."

	"Oh jeez..."  Ebon Mane hissed through clenched teeth.  "What could they have gotten themselves into?"

	"Zaid?!" Eagle Eye exclaimed in a panicking tone.

	The lanky stallion was already speaking into his sound stone.  "Rainbow Dash!  Rainbow Dash, this is the Noble Jury!  Come in!"

	Belle's eyes wandered twitchingly towards the temple floor as her blood went cold.  Her breaths came in shallower and shallower bursts.



	"Rainbow?!  This ain't funny, girl!  Say something!"

	The sound stone broadcasted Zaid's voice in distorted waves, on account of the fractures that had formed in the enchanted shard's surface.  The weight of several layers of mortar was crushing down on it, and Rainbow Dash wasn't any luckier.

	"Nnnngh..."  The pegasus stirred, opening her eyes to dust and dimness.  Her ruby pendant illuminated a claustrophobic grave of bricks and ancient rock.

	"Come on!  Give us something!  Let us hear your sexy voice!"

	"Snnkt..."  Rainbow inched forward, squirming through the rubble in a trembling attempt to reach the sound stone.  She stretched a tender hoof ahead of her.  "Don't... leave the Jury..."  She wheezed and hissed.  "Changeling... Prowse is... a ch-changeling..."

	"Rainbow?!  Is that you?!  We can barely make out what you're saying!  What was that loud noise just now?!"

	"Darn it..."  Rainbow growled. She stretched her wings, stretching the space out a bit more so she could have room to shimmy upwards.  "Just st-stay where you are and don't... d-don't trust—"

	A strong hoof suddenly reached down and snatched Rainbow by her forelimb.

	The petite pegasus gasped, feeling herself yanked out of the rubble and into the hazy torchlight.  Rainbow wheezed for breath, teetering with the weight of her pendant and saddlebags.  "Unnngh... Thanks.  Where're the others?  Is anypony hurt—?"

	The hoof immediately reached back, produced a tiny shiv, and sliced Rainbow across the fetlock.

	"Gaaaah!"  Rainbow immediately jerked back.  Half a second later, she savagely bucked whoever it was in front of her.  "Friggin' melon fudge!"  She clutched her sliced forelimb, hissing like a kindergarten foal.  "What was that for?!"

	Seclorum stumbled backwards, catching his breath.  He gripped the dagger while battered ponies