 helped each other to their hooves behind him.  "Show us your hoof," he said.

	"I'll show your muzzle your own sphincter, you dirty sonuva—"

	"Show.  Us."  He glared while two stallions stood alongside him—a Xonan and a Ledomaritan.  "Your.  Hoof."

	With a perplexed frown, Rainbow held her bleeding limb out.  "There!  For Luna's sake!  Feast your eyes!"

	Seclorum squinted at the blood leaking out of her wound, then stared closely at the red liquid on the edge of his shiv.  His nostrils flared.  "She's clean."  He turned to look across the rubble-strewn interior.  "Check the others."

	Rainbow's mouth moved.  "'Check... the others?'"  She turned and instantly gasped.  "Hey!"

	Arcshod was levitating a tiny Xonan ceremonial dagger beside himself as he helped Pilate up.

	"R-Rainbow?!  What's going on?  Where did Prowse—?"  The zebra's face contorted in pain as he felt the cold kiss of a knife across his forelimb.  "Aaaugh!  Spark alive, that hurts!"

	"Hey!"  Rainbow rocketed across the compartment and rammed into the Xonan's side.  "Buzz off!  What's the big idea?!"

	Arcshod fell on his flank, stunned and blinking.  He snarled Rainbow's way and stumbled back up with a glowing horn.  "Suliu'enna drennalakkan dressul thien, trenn'tessa!"  Seclorum and another warrior held him back before he could charge the pegasus.

	"Easy there, numb tongue," Seclorum muttered, his eyes glancing between Arcshod's dagger and Pilate's wound.  "Also clean."  He turned his head.  "The rest?!"

	"Secchy," Josho grumbled, shrugging off a pair of ponies as he stood up with a glare.  "You'd better have a good explanation about this, old friend."

	"All in good time."  Seclorum motioned with his hoof.  "The blonde one."

	"For the love of soot, Seclorum!"  An awkwardly familiar voice exclaimed.  Rainbow Dash turned to see a thinner, weaker Prowse leaning his stub of a leg against a crutch.  "She's my bloody niece!" the stallion snarled.

	"That remains to be seen."

	"Please, everypony..."  Aatxe shuffled up to Props, snatching the shiv from a pony in front of her.  He glanced back at the huddled equines with a sympathetic expression.  "It's not like we have to butcher them."  Sighing, he grasped Props' hoof and held the tip of the blade to it.  "Sorry, sweetie.  This will hurt a bit."  He slashed swiftly.

	"Ghhh!"  Props clenched one eye shut, squirming noticeably.  "Owie owie owie owie..."

	Aatxe stared closely at the blade, his breaths coming and going quickly.  After the blood stayed red, he exhaled with relief.  "She's exactly who she looks like."  He backtrotted and motioned towards the pale stallion behind him.  "Congratulations, Prowse, on your happy reunion."

	"Oh, bless my blighted beard..."  Prowse lurched, limped, lunged forward, dropping his crutch and sweeping Props into a deep hug with one forelimb.  "I never th-thought I'd see you again, lassie!  You're a sight for this stallion's sore eyes..."

	"I... I..."  Props stared at him, lips quivering.  "But, Unky Prowsy, I don't understand..."

	"I imagine you don't..."  He leaned back, smiling.  But that grin soon faded.  "The fact that you're here means that you've been deceived."  He gulped, and frown hardened across his emaciated face.  "And in the worse way."

	"That..."  Props gazed at the pile of rubble that the exploded prosthetic had made.  "That other you was... was..."

	"I never wanted this sort of rubbish to befall you, Propsicle."  He caressed her mane as his eyes glazed over with tears.  "What are you even doing out here?!  Why didn't you stay home in Gray Smoke?"

	"The shop was closed, Unky Prowsy!" she exclaimed, blue eyes wide.  "Everything was cleared out!  The ponies all around said that you had gone off on your long-awaited expedition!  You..."

	Prowse slowly, slowly shook his head.

	Props blinked, her breath thin.  "Y-you never meant to leave Gray Smoke, did you?"

	"I went on a trading errand, Propsicle," he said.  "I was captured, robbed of all my tools, and throttled unconscious.  The next thing