 I knew—I was on a derelict zeppelin with several other ponies... most of which you see here."  He gestured towards far ends of the firelit chamber.  "We crashed into this bloody nightmare in the sky before I had a chance to take over the ship's controls.  A lot of us didn't survive..."

	"All this time..."  Props winced.  "I thought that he was you!"  She gritted her teeth.  "He looked like you... smelled like you... even talked like you!"

	"Was he really me?"  Prowse narrowed his eyes.  "Or something that made you think he was me?"

	Props blinked.  "I... I..."

	"Propsicle, lassie..."  He smiled slightly as he caressed her chin.  "'Th' lest time Ah talked loch thes was when Ah needed tae squeeze it a wee bit ay profit each week tae compete wi' th' bapit sooters frae th' Roost District'"  He took a deep, deep breath, then said, "You were always, always proud of my salesponyship."  He gulped.  "Maybe a little too proud."

	Props shivered, then hung her head, striking it several times with a hard hoof.  "Unnngh!  I'm such a stupid Props!  Stupid stupid stupid stupid Props!"

	"Shhhh-shhh..."  Prowse shoved one of her forelimbs down and hugged her once again.  "Don't be so hard on yourself, Propsicle."  He sniffled, looking wearily over her shoulder.  "You're not the first one to be fooled by these merciless tykes..."  He shuddered.  "And you won't be the last."

	"Josho?"  Seclorum marched firmly across the room.  "Old friend?  You're being awful hesitant..."

	"Because I don't like being sliced and diced up outside of battle!"  Josho stood his ground before the many ponies, folding his forelimbs with an angry expression.  "Ledo's toilet, Secchy!  Only time you ever drew a blade on me was during shore leave in the Blue Bordello—"

	"I don't care what you remember and how detailed those memories are," Seclorum said, his eyes hard like the daggers the ponies were holding.  "Until you show me a sign of trust, you are no trusted companion of mine."

	"Don't push him too hard, Seclorum," Aatxe said.

	"Bite your tongue!"  Seclorum sneered aside, his eyes continually trained on Josho.  "You know as well as I do that some of them are more ignorant than us."

	"Oh, I get it alright!"  Josho frowned.  "This whole 'blood-runs-red' thing: it's to make sure we're not changelings.  Doesn't take a tubeworm to understand that—"

	"You don't get anything," Seclorum grumbled, shaking his head.  "I can make you bleed in a hundred different ways, Josho."  His horn levitated a crossbow by his side.  "And over half of them from long range."

	"Unnngh..."  Josho rolled his eyes.  "For the love of—"

	"Josho..."

	Josho looked over.

	Rainbow Dash stared at him from where she supported Pilate's trembling body.  "Just get it over with."

	"Rainbow, we just found these creepazoids!  You can't honestly expect—"

	"Josho."  Rainbow stared icily.

	The stallion blinked, his lips pursing at that.  Frowning, he flashed his horn and yanked a blade out a gasping mare's grip.  "Fine.  At least let me do it myself."  He sliced across his upper forelimb, then turned his shoulder into the firelight for all to see.  "There.  Red.  You happy?"

	Seclorum's nostrils flared as he lowered the crossbolt by his side.  "Always the drama queen, Josho."

	"Buck you."  Josho flung the knife forward.

	Clank!  It embedded into the frame of Seclorum's crossbolt.  "Wonderful."  The Ledomaritan looked up with bored eyes.  "I actually found the world a lot more comfortable with the thought of you actually being dead."

	"Likewise, ya gray-assed mule."  Josho shrugged the ponies around him away as he marched over towards his companions.  "At least you're not magicless and locked up in a friggin' fetish cage."

	"Huh...?!"

	"Long ass story."  Josho stood by Rainbow's side.  "Maybe you'll hear it, seeing as we're trapped down here with you and all."

	"Belusuu'naa rekkharasso fem'keema thiulen ranna'theem," Arcshod muttered, glaring daggers over his shoulder at the group.

	Aatxe sighed at the Xonan.  "They'