st let him and Belle be at peace while nothing's trying to kill us. Same goes for Kera."

	"Yeah, but Rainbow—"

	"Zaid, they're my friends," Rainbow said with a glare as she started to climb down.  "I think I know a bit more about them than you do."

	"Uhm..."  Eagle Eye darted forward.  "H-how about I clean that coat for you?"

	"No thanks..."

	"Or at least hang it up!  I... er... I-I know how much you hate the sight of leather, Rainbow.  While you're back on board, might as well get comfortable—"

	"I'm fine, EE."  Rainbow disappeared beyond view.  "Besides, I doubt Props has all she needs to warm us up with.  I'll likely be going back out within an hour."

	"Yeah, okay.  Just don't..."  Eagle tried to wave, but she was gone.  "Overdo it..."

	Silence.

	Zaid leaned in.  "You know, for being named after a rainbow, she's been a bit dull lately."

	"Hrmmph..."  Eagle Eye briefly frowned.  With a sigh, he ultimately spun around and trotted towards the distant stairwell.  "I'm starting to think that if she just put some copper lenses over her eyes, she'd be right at home where she's at lately."

	"Oh, please, don't get my hopes up."

	Bzzzzt!  "Motherspitter!"

		//------------------------------//
		// The Noble Jury Flies East		//------------------------------//

	Like a bronze and red cloud, the Noble Jury coasted over the glittery waves of the Frozen Sea.  Its reflection danced like a waving flag across the waters below.  Dull gray clouds hung over the east, shadowing the skystone vessel as it proceeded through the drifting curtains of frost.

	Far ahead, Rainbow Dash flew point, her leather coat hugging her body warmly.  Her goggled eyes scanned the east horizon as midday approached.

	There were no birds, no errant shapes along the horizon.  It had been several days since any member of the crew had seen another zeppelin.  The air of this place felt stagnant, thin, untouched.  It was a sensation Rainbow Dash hadn't felt in a long time.  She had to glance over her shoulder every now and then to remind herself she wasn't alone.  The mare sighed often.

	At some point, something caught Rainbow Dash's peripheral vision.  She glanced down, and she could have sworn she saw a dark mass swimming eastward beneath the currents, situated somewhere between herself and the Noble Jury.  Squinting, Rainbow Dash adjusted her goggles lenses.  She thought for a moment that she spotted a flicker of red light.

	She exhaled, and for the millionth time cold vapors emanated from her muzzle.  Glancing towards her left, she took a few minutes to squint at the northern horizon.  A thin dark layer of clouds constantly hovered just beyond the vanishing point of her vision.  She saw tiny flashes of light—even in the daytime.  There was no doubt that they were within screaming distance of vast skystone deposits.  And beyond that... an unapproachable convergence of atmosphere, energy, and firmaments.

	Rainbow's lungs quivered.  She looked straight ahead, clenching the jaws of her muzzle beneath her hood.

	There were times when she wished that some edges of the world were just as easy to scale as others.

	She flew ahead with a strong tail-wind, leading the Jury across the shifting, frozen wastes.



	Hours later, the group skirted what appeared to be a breakaway chunk of an ice cap.  A sudden armada of icebergs surged suddenly beneath the Jury.  Rainbow Dash ascended towards the clouds, and Floydien's ship slowly followed suit.  Rainbow was careful not to lead the ship to too high of an altitude; it was freezing enough as it was at this spot along the plane.

	After about two hours of passing over the shattered arctic shelf, Rainbow Dash signaled to the Jury and dipped down to inspect the icebergs closer.  The ship maintained its altitude while she descended, flying adjacent now to the sharp peaks of the bobbing islands.

	Her goggled eyes examined each chunk of petrified ice as she passed by.  Their surfaces looked like polished sapphires, with thin bridges that the orange glow of the settin