re no more guilty of 'stupidity' than the rest of us that got stuck here, Arcshod!"  The stallion frowned.  "And the same can be said of your Princess!"

	Arcshod snarled at him, having to be held back by his fellow warriors.  "Fe'mulien restro trenn'ett!" he spat.

	"Wait, so if that dude is here..."  Rainbow Dash pointed at the ponies as she squinted at them from a distance, one after the other.  "And Lasairfion is here... and Seclorum and Prowse are here..."  She winced as if from a resounding migraine.  "...then what brought them all the way east from the main continent?"

	"Are you asking me?" Josho huffed, his eyes rolling.  "Or the 'freakish shapeshifter Josho who can somehow still perform magic and wield a shotgun before your bird-brained eyes?'"

	Rainbow retorted, "Look, will you get over that?!  Something big is going on here!"

	"Uhm... everypony?"  Pilate's muzzle scrunched as he tilted his ears about.  "What ever happened to—?"

	"The only big thing I see is the doofuses who have been cooped up here for so long that they think they run the place!"  Josho grunted.  "I'd be lying if I said that I didn't want a second chance to speak with my long-lost friend, but I'm not down with Secchy being part of the Spontaneous Hoof-Slicing-Club!"

	"I'm not too keen of it either, boyo," Prowse said from where he hugged Props close.  "But, as you can imagine, it's our only way of testing ponies to see if they bleed the real thing or the juice that runs through an imposter."

	"Yeah, and I get that!"  Josho hoarsely replied, leaning in.  "But why hole yourself up in here to rot away in the dark?!"

	"You really don't understand, do you, old friend?"  Seclorum trotted up, squinting.  "What brought us here wasn't a small group of shape-shifting freaks.  Oh no..."  He pointed back at the regal unicorn standing at a far distance with her loyal protectors.  "If they could bring the Spark-forsaken Queen of Tattoo-Land to this place, then we're dealing with a full-fledged army of monsters!"  He frowned.  "Spark only knows what they'd be capable of!  They could restructure the entire political structure of the world!  They could even change the war in Ledomare!"

	"Secchy, the war is over!" Josho shouted.

	Seclorum doubled-back at that.  A shrill gasp flew through the crowd.

	Arcshod blinked, his tattooed face stretched in shock.

	Ledomaritans exchanged awkward glances while Xonan warriors gazed in stunned silence at their Princess.

	Josho took a fuming breath.  "These so-called monsters that brought you all here have already done their fair share of damage, but we stopped them before they could do the absolute worst!"

	Rainbow Dash hovered forward, acquiring everypony's attention as she spoke.  "Lasairfion was replaced with a version of herself that took power and started a Xonan civil war."  She raised her voice over the ensuing gasps.  "Seclorum was replaced with a crazed general who held a suicidal line along the eastern front of the Ledomaritan conflict!  During all of this, the shapeshifters must have somehow weaseled their way into the Xonan high command, 'cuz they took advantage of a Divine, a powerful dragon named Nevlamas, who had been corrupted throughout the ages by chaos magic!  They convinced masses of eastern unicorns that Nevlamas was actually the Goddess Nagu'n and attempted to corrupt the very heart of this world!  Everypony on either side of the war was nearly wiped out in a single day!"

	Ledomaritans muttered in shock, meanwhile most of the Xonans broke out in shivers and sobs.  Arcshod stared numbly into torchlit space, his lips hanging open.  "Haranna thiulen res'trunnul messu, Xon-Nagu'n..."

	"But... but it's okay!"  Rainbow Dash said with an awkward smile.  "I mean..."  She instantly winced.  "No, tons of ponies lost their lives on both sides.  I'm talking about thousands of Ledomaritans and Xonans alike.  But... but..."  She gulped and said, "The war is over.  Nevlamas was defeated; the shape shifters were exposed.  The battle stopped just before everypony had th