e opportunity to wipe each other out.  And now—from the last we've heard—there's a permanent cease-fire.  Don't you get it?"  She grinned hopefully.  "Your continent's been saved!"

	Silence.

	Then, a series of graceful hoofsteps.

	"Ehm... excuse it, for it is most full of the curious," spoke a velvety soft voice, in spite of the thick accent.

	Rainbow jerked her gaze aside.

	Lasairfion was trotting forward despite the insistence of her closest subjects.  Her eyes pierced across the darkness, resting on Rainbow's hovering face.  "It speaks of the salvation of a land covered in blood.  Might it ask of it... who was the savior?"

	Rainbow opened her mouth, hesitated, then glanced aside.

	Josho and Props nervously fidgeted.  Pilate, despite his blindness, almost appeared to be looking straight at the pegasus.

	"Uhm..."  Rainbow gulped and looked towards the regal Xonan.  "I... I guess you could say I was."

	Lasairfion's eyes narrowed.  "And yet... is has somehow arrived here... in this place with so many children of loss and woe..."

	Rainbow was silent.

	With a melancholic breath, Lasairfion said, "Does it think this is of the pure and coincidental?"

	Pilate bit his lip.

	Rainbow's wings stopped flapping.  She touched down on numb hooves, her face blank.



	"It's simple, guys," Eagle Eye said.  "We have to get over there."

	"Get over there?!"  Ebon Mane stammered, squinting across the rainswept space between the edge of their temple and the round structure.  "How?!"

	"Yeah..."  Zaid nodded.  "Rainbow's not here to carry us.  And I mean that in the most literal way possible."

	"A good running leap should just about do it," the ex-mercenary said.  "And if that fails, I know of at least a dozen ways that my telekinesis could provide a boost."

	"For what—yourself?"

	"I'm sure I could bring another pony with me," Eagle said.  "But... no more.  That'd be risking too much."

	"You're risking enough just by suggesting you even leave this spot!"  Ebon Mane said.  "I won't let you do it!"

	"Won't let me?!"  Eagle Eye blanched at him.  "Ebon, you heard that noise just like the rest of us!  Something terrible happened across the way!  An explosion or a collapse or something even worse!  And now that we try to get through to Rainbow Dash's party, nopony answers!  They're our friends and they deserve to have whatever happened investigated!"

	"I know that, but—"

	"Floydien agrees with lavender lumps," the elk said from where he stood close to the ship's hull.  "Striped boomer is over there, blind and weak, and yet he is just one of many boomers that need the fetch-fetch."

	"I just don't like the idea of splitting us up any further!"  Ebon said, then struggled to squeak forth, "And I d-don't want you to be galloping into blind danger?"

	"Why not?  Striped boomer did."

	Ebon stamped his hoof.  "That's not the point!  Rainbow Dash is with them!  Who knows!  Maybe they're safe!"

	"As awesome as that may sound, buddy, we know that not everypony is perfect."

	"How about we pilot the Noble Jury closer so that all of us can drop down onto the building's balcony and look as a larger group?"

	"In these winds?!  Floydien's Nancy Jane would be lucky to fly in circles without kersplodey pops!"

	"Well, there's gotta be a better idea!  Let's think of something!"

	All this time, Belle had been staring into the rain-swept vistas of Stratopolis.  Her ears twitched to the sounds of the stallion's rising voices.  At last, she took a deep breath, and spoke firmly.  "I'll go."

	Everypony looked at her.

	"Belle...?" Eagle Eye blinked.

	"My beloved's in there.  If he's in trouble, then I want to make sure he gets out of there safe."  Belle took a deep breath.  "The same can be said for Rainbow Dash and the rest of my friends."

	"Belle, please, you don't have to—"

	"Yes, EE.  I do."  Belle stroked Kera's mane a few more times.  "Please, let's not wear out what everyone here is already thinking.  I can only take so much in a single week."  She gazed