 down at Kera, closed her eyes, and took a deep breath.  When she reopened them, she was staring at Zaid.  "Zaid..."

	"Erhm... Hello, gorgeous?"  The stallion smiled nervously.

	She gulped and trotted towards him.  "I... I-I'm going to need you to take care of Kera while I'm gone."

	His jaw fell open.  "Buh?"

	"Yes, yes... I know..."  Belle muttered as she gently raised Kera and cradled her limp body in his forelimbs.  "You're crude, tactless, and you possess an unhealthy obsession for needless junk."  She sighed, her glossy eyes cherishing the foal's placid face.  "But, more than that, I know that nopony else could better take care of her."

	"I... uh..."  Zaid chuckled drly as he held the foal to his shoulder, rocking her slightly.  "Eheh... I didn't realize you felt that way about me."

	"That's because I didn't," Belle said, frowning.  "And in a lot of ways, I still don't.  But... I can't let that get in the way of what needs to be done right now."

	"And... that is...?"

	"Pilate, my beloved."  She gulped.  "And Rainbow Dash.  I need to have faith that they're okay..."  She shuddered as she finally turned towards Eagle Eye.  "And I need to have faith that they can still need me.  EE, I'll join you.  But I'm going to need your help in getting over."

	Eagle Eye nodded with a soft smile.  "You know you can always depend on me, Belle.  All you gotta do is ask."

	"Well, that's what I'm doing now.  Asking."  Belle turned to glare at Zaid one last time.  "If I come back and she has one single mark on her beautiful tattooed body—"

	"Hey!  Heyyyyy..."  Zaid chuckled, waving a forelimb.  "I get it.  You don't have to make it any clearer."  He patted Kera lovingly as he smirked.  "Believe me, bunking with the Herald?  Khao threatened me tons of times about spontaneously becoming a eunich."

	"Bouncing boomers better hurry," Floydien said, nodding with his antlers towards the large structure ahead of them.  "Who's to know what manner of bleed bleed threatens Floydien's friends."

	"Right..."  Eagle Eye levitated his sword and shield over from the campfire.  "Belle, I'll hop over first.  Then I'll help pull you over with my floating shield.  Trust me.  It'll be a lot simpler than it sounds."

	"That's okay, EE.  I have full faith in you."

	"Likewise."

	"Eagle Eye..."  Ebon winced, staring down at his squirming hooves.  "I..." He winced. "Please forgive me.  I didn't want to sound like a coward.  It's just that—"

	"Shhhh..."  Eagle Eye was suddenly in front of him, resting a hoof on the earth pony's shoulder.  "It's okay.  I get it.  And besides..."  He smiled.  "Nopony elects himself as the ship's only cook and pretends to not be brave."

	Ebon smiled awkwardly.  His eyes fluttered, and his head drifted forward—only to jerk back suddenly.  "Erm... ehhh..."  His muzzle flushed a deeper burgundy.  "That... uhm... th-that totally wasn't... wh-what it looked like it was about to be.  I was just—"  His lips stopped moving.  It may have had something to do with Eagle's muzzle locking suddenly with them.  Either way, he froze in place with an inward squeak.

	Floydien raised an eyebrow.

	Zaid blinked.  Quiet as a rock, he covered Kera's catatonic eyes.

	Eagle Eye leaned back, smiling warmly at Ebon.  "It takes a lot to be brave," the petite stallion said.  "Trust me.  I'm learning with each and every day."

	"I... erm..."  Ebon trembled, speechless.  "Derp...?"

	"It's alright."  Eagle Eye winked.  "When we get back with our friends, you can test your bravery too."  He patted Belle's shoulder.  "Okay.  You ready?"

	"Uhhhh..."  Belle's chestnut eyes darted between the two stallions.  "Are you...?"

	"Figure I could do with a cold shower," Eagle sing-songed, and skipped out into the streaming rain.  "Wait for my lead, girl!"

	Belle nodded.  She trotted after him, but not without pausing to pass a sly glance Ebon's way, and then both were gone.

	Ebon plopped down on his haunches besides Floydien and Zaid, his chest palpitating.

	"I know this might be weird tim