ing and all, but..."  Zaid leaned in, cradling Kera.  "Think you can make us both some brunch?"



	"I'm sorry, but..." Seclorum looked across the torchlit space with jaded eyes.  "I'm not convinced that you actually saved anything, bird-pony."

	"Unnngh!"  Josho groaned towards the ceiling.  "Secchy, old friend!  Did you hear a single word that she said?!"  He frowned from where he stood by the fresh rubble.  "She single-hoofedly stopped a freakin' chaos dragon!  Her actions exposed the shapeshifters and put an end to their plot!"

	"That's simply too good to be true," Aatxe said, staring lethargically at the group.  "These monsters have been planning their subterfuge for far too long and on such a grandiose scale that all that could have been accomplished on your end was a minor setback."

	"How do you know that?" Pilate asked.

	"Because I've been here a long... long time," the stallion said.  "My name is Aatxe.  I was once the captain of a large manaship, the Tarkington, that crash-landed into one of the lower temples of this storm.  Our ship remained in one piece, but the engine had died out.  So myself and at least a dozen of my surviving crewmmates went looking for materials to salvage the core.  We made it to this structure through much trial and error.  It was then that these... changelings ambushed us and whittled our numbers down to three.  The transports that brought us here were wrecked, and we had to escape to these lower corridors in order to form a last stand.  We were the first ponies of this group to end up here in living condition.  As time went by, more and more joined our sides—those who spoke our language and those who didn't.  Eventually, we ran into ponies who shared the same calendar with us.  That's how we've come to realize that we've been marooned here for at least seventeen years."

	Rainbow Dash's jaw fell.  "Seventeen years...?"

	"And believe me, if the changelings wanted to finish us off, they would have," Aatxe said.  "But, for some reason, they kept us alive... even going so far as to leave us food for sustenance.  At first we rejected it, but time and hunger does a number on one's pride.  Still, we never hesitated to murder a shape-shifter as soon as we figured out who was who underneath the fake skin."

	"And even after they lost their own kind to you..."  Pilate tilted his head aside.  "...they still didn't murder you senselessly?"

	Aatxe shook his head.  "They don't think or act like you or me.  They have no love for single individuals among their brood.  They'll gladly sacrifice massive numbers of their own kind just to accomplish their putrid will.  Sometimes this sacrifice means sending their drones to slaughter.  At other times, it means something much... much more sinister."

	"Like what?" Props asked.

	"Selective brainwashing, lassie," Prowse said to her with a sad expression.  "While some of their kind impersonate us on purpose, it's not always enough to get the job of deception done."

	"So they make a select few of their drones forget who and what they are," Seclorum muttered.  "And in exchange for being part of the hive mind, they take on the full consciousness and personality of the pony who's form they've taken."

	"Their drones have no idea that they're not really changelings," Aatxe said.  "Maybe now you all can understand why we... wh-why we had to forcibly 'test' you."

	"That..."  Josho's brow furrowed at the thought.  "That explains why the Seclorum we killed was so surprised..."

	"Wait..."  Seclorum blinked.  "You killed the other me?"

	"Was that not clear?" Josho droned.

	"Heh..."  Seclorum folded his forelimbs.  "No wonger you're so far from the Queen's country.  You should be a regular fugitive by now."

	"Sorry to break your bubble, but it wasn't from slaughtering you.  You're just not that important."

	"Tell that to the changelings."

	"So wait..."  Props squinted into the torchlight.  "So if these nasty wasties knew that they might be losing control of Nevlamas and all that jazz way back west in deathland..."