  She glanced up at Rainbow Dash.  "Then why go through with it to begin with?"

	Rainbow Dash's eyes darted about.  She thought out loud, "'Hate is just another form of love...'"

	"Huh?"  Aatxe glanced over.

	"It's something that the changeling posing as Lasairfion said to me," Rainbow Dash uttered.  "Or else... something like it."  She glanced up.  "And I had posed her a very similar question.  'What was she expecting to accomplish?'"  She paced about, her pendant rattling around her neck.  "According to Princess Celestia, ancient changelings were empathic, and they feast off of emotions—most commonly love.  But... but what if hate and love could feed a modern changeling all the same?"

	"All of the dying and the bleeding," Lasairfion's voice drifted sadly from afar.  "Ha'lanna siulen trennadren Xon-Nagu'n.  The blessed children of Nag'un..."

	"If what you're trying to say is that pain and devastation is right up these creatures' alleyway, then you'll hardly find us surprised," Aatxe said.  "This place is practically a monument to their malice."

	"No... It's not a monument.  It's a prison," Rainbow Dash said, swiveling to look sharply at the group.  "They brought each and every one of you here so they could study you, impersonate you out in the field, and then accomplish some stupidly crazy master plan!"  Rainbow Dash gnashed her teeth as she punched one hoof against another.  "The question is—just what's the big picture?!  And how's it going to help their Queen Chrysalis?!"

	Seclorum did a double-take, his eyes wide.  "Where did you hear that name?!"

	Rainbow Dash blinked.  He squinted back at him.  "Where did you?"

	The room fell deathly silent.

	Just then, a mountain of rubble shifted towards the side.

	"Eeep!"  Props jumped into Prowse's embrace as both shifted away from it.

	"What in the...?!" Josho spat.

	"Nnnngh..."  A beak emerged from the shifting debris.  "Thank goodness I was born with a hard shell!"

	"That..."  Pilate shifted.  "That sounded like..."

	"Elma!"  Rainbow Dash darted down, grabbing the turtle's legs and hoisting her out of the mess.  "OmigoshOmigoshOmigosh!  Speak to me, girl!"

	"Unnngh..."  Elma wheezed.  "Do I have to?"

	"I'm so, so sorry!  Are you hurt?!  Things got heated and there were knives involved and... and..."

	"It's okay... r-really..."  Elma waved a scaled hand, reeling dizzily.  "I've been through rougher straits, believe me.  Especially while surviving alongside the Professor—"  Her eyes widened as she gasped at Rainbow.  "The Professor!  What happened?!  One moment, he was tossing his metal leg, and then the next—!"

	"Whoah.... whoah... easy, Elma," Rainbow Dash said, patting her head and smiling.  "We're still trying to figure it all out ourselves.  The bad news is—we're kind of stranded here cuz the creep posing as him caused the hallway to cave in."

	"Really?!  No way..."  Elma stammered.  "How could none of us have seen it coming?"

	It was around this time that Props realized she was suddenly standing alone.  "Unky... Prowsy...?"  She turned and looked over her shoulder.

	The thin stallion was leaning over towards Arcshod and Seclorum, whispering something lightly.  Arcshod's eyes widened while Seclorum gravely nodded.  While Rainbow and Elma spoke, the three shuffled stealthily towards the scene.

	"Something big is going on here, Elma," Rainbow Dash said.  "But don't you worry.  We're going to get to the bottom of it... right after I find a way to get us out of here."  She glared at the rubble blocking the entrance way.  "Somewhere out there, the Noble Jury is waiting to hear back from us.  And pretty soon, they'll have no choice but to—"

	"Excuse me for interrupting," Seclorum said as he trotted right past Rainbow Dash.  "Ma'am, what's your name?"

	"Uhm..."  The snapping turtle glanced up.  "Elma.  Elma Boreal."

	"You don't look like you're from around here, Ms. Boreal."

	"Joshooooo...?"  Rainbow droned, her eyebrows dead straight.  "What's your worst-best-friend doing?"

	"Uhm... 