Secchy...?"

	"I..."  Elma squinted.  "Why, I'm from..."

	"Alafreo?"  Prowse remarked, hobbling back by Props' side.  "Born and raised in the eastern continent?"

	"Why..."  Elma nodded.  "Yes."

	"And do you know where it was that you died?" Prowse asked, his eyes hard.

	Elma's beak hung open.  "...what?"  That's when Arcshod grabbed her from behind.  "Aah!"

	"Hey!"  Rainbow darted forward, only to be yanked to a stop by Aatxe.  "Lemme go, creep!"

	"I'm so sorry," Aatxe stammered.

	"For what?!"

	"Tell me, old friend," Seclorum spoke to Josho as he marched forward with a levitating dagger.  "When was the last time..."  He cave a massive scrape to the turtle's backside.  "...that you saw a turtle's shell bleed?"

	"Augh!"  Elma yelped in pain.

	"Seclorum!"  Josho snarled.  "For Ledo's sake, stop—!"  His voice stopped as soon as he saw the blade floating before his eyes.  A dollop of viscous green liquid dribbled off the shiv's pointed end.  "...mother of Spark."

	"Oh no..."  Pilate muttered blindly, his ears drooping.

	Rainbow flashed the zebra a look, then gaped at Elma.

	"What...?!"  Elma struggled in Arcshod's grasp.  "What... is everypony... looking at..."  She stopped in mid-speech, feeling a warm liquid running down her shell and over her head.  It ran between her eyes, sticking to her beak like emerald tree sap.  "What... where did that...?"

	"It's just like we said, old friend," Secolrum droned.

	Arcshod dropped Elma to the rubble and galloped aside.  He let loose a shout, and a line of Xonans rushed up, crossbolts trained on the "turtle."

	"The worst weapons of the changelings are, in fact, victims themselves."

	Elma brought a foot up to her head, dipping it into the hot colored slime.  She stared in horror, her breaths coming in quick pants.  A flicker of light darted through her eyes.  Suddenly, she could see through her limb, for it had turned thin, porous, with a glossy black exoskelton.  "This... th-this isn't..."

	"They're planted among us—inside and outside this place—to study us closely and figure out what makes us tick.  Then, once they're returned to the hive mind, they pass on the knowledge of how to become us."  Seclorum turned to look at Rainbow Dash.  "You haven't saved anything, my dear.  So long as these monsters are in the world, everypony that exists is in a prison."

	"Elma...?"  Props mewled, her eyes misty.

	"No... it's not... I'm not..."  Elma hyperventilated, her voice wavering, shrinking, suddenly accompanied with a deeply resonated buzz, like a pathetic purr.  Her beak was replaced with fangs while her wounded shell shrank into thin haunches with folded gossamer wings.  "I... I-I've laid eggs..."  She shrieked; she sobbed.  "I have ch-children!"

	"This is worse than I thought," Aatxe muttered.  "Two shape-shifters planted in one group?"  He glanced aside at Arcshod and Seclorum.  "What could they have wanted so bad that they would have steered this winged pony and her friends here?"

	"R-Rainbow..."  The bleeding creature curled into a fetal position, staring up with quivering green eyes.  "Rainbow... please... h-help me...!"

	Rainbow grimaced.  She looked at her hooves, and she gasped.  Wincing, she darted over towards the survivors.  "How long would it take for these creeps to copy your body?!  Your inner essence?!"

	"I... I..."  Aatxe shook his head.  "I don't—"

	"You've been stuck here for seventeen years, pal!"  Rainbow Dash frowned.  "Don't tell me you haven't gotten a clue!"

	"Honestly, they could make themselves look like anything they want!  But to literally become you?"  Aatxe shrugged.  "They would have to have been exposed to you emotionally and mentally for a prolonged period of time!  Then, theoretically, that information would be channeled into the hive mind!  Into all of them!"

	"Then... then all of Chrysalis' brood could become me."  Rainbow Dash blinked aside.  With a look of horror, she turned towards a certain zebra.  "Pilate..."

	He was already speaking the same thought.  "The con