trol room."

	Rainbow's ears folded.  "Oh Luna poop..."



	Inside a vast chamber illuminated by refracted rivulets of rain water, a dark shadow flitted over the tomb of Commander Hurricane.

	In the center of the room, a body hovered low over the many-many rods sticking out of the grooves in the granite floor.

	A black, porous hoof descended upon a dormant shard at the top of one staff.  Then—with a band of emerald fire—that same black hoof turned fuzzy blue.  It lowered and contacted the shard, which illuminated immediately upon touch.  With unimpeded ease, the rod was shoved across its groove and towards another staff.



	"Nnngh!"  Eagle Eye landed on the balcony of the round structure.  Almost slipping on the water-slick surface, he caught his breath and spun around, facing the temple floating just a few naked feet away.  "Alright, Belle!  You ready?"

	The mare stood precariously on the temple's edge.  She winced against the pelting wind and rain.  "Ready as I'll ever be!"

	"Good!"  Eagle floated his shield alongside himself and held it high for the mare to see.  "I'm going to toss you my shield!  But don't worry!  It's still in my levitation field!  Grab onto it and make like you're jumping the gap!  I'll carry you the rest of the way!  Got it?!"

	"Got it!"

	"And a one... and a two... and a..."  He held his breath as he tossed the disc towards her.

	Lifting herself up on her rear hooves, Belle effortlessly caught the thing.  She exhaled with relief, gripping on tight.  "Okay!  Here goes!"  Biting her lip, she courageously kicked off the temple's edge.  Stifling a shriek, she drifted forward, being carried by Eagle Eye's enchanted shield.

	The stallion licked his lips, concentrating hard as he brought Belle across the gap.  In less than five seconds, she joined him on the balcony's edge.  "Gotcha!"  He grabbed her by the forelimb and hoisted her onto an upper level besides a collapsed zeppelin.  "There!"  He smiled.  "Now that wasn't so bad, was—?"

	One of the floating obelisks pulsed brightly.

	Belle gasped.  Eagle spun about, blinking.  "What in the Spark...?"

	The temple with the Noble Jury was floating away, and at an alarming speed.  The obelisk that brought it there was retreating towards the rainswept depths of Stratopolis.

	"It's moving..."  Bellesmith said, then repeated her exclamation with a loud shout.  "It's moving!"

	"Hey!  Heeeeeey!"  Eagle Eye waved his forelimbs and shouted towards the temple.  "Guys!  Your temple!  It's floating away!"

	Three bodies congregating around the Noble Jury glanced awkwardly at the two ponies.

	"Why is this happening?!"  Bellesmith stammered breathlessly.  "Why would Rainbow Dash be moving our platform further back?"

	"I don't know, but from the looks of it—"  There was another pulse of light.  Eagle craned his neck to the right, and instantly his ears flattened.  "Oh heavens, no."

	"What?"  Belle turned to look.  Her eyes widened.



	"What in the spit?!"  Floydien growled, pacing back and forth.  "What in the spit—What in the spit—What in the spit spit?!"

	"Just calm down!"  Ebon exclaimed.  "There's gotta be a reasonable explanation for this!"

	"Reasonable?"  Zaid cackled from where he stood on the Noble Jury's top deck, cradling Kera.  "More like ridiculous!  Seriously, Rainbow Dash picked a bad time for granite musical chairs—"  He caught a flash of light in his peripheral vision.  Spinning about, the stallion blinked, then hugged Kera tighter.  "Ohhhhhhhh crikey."

	"Huh?!"  Ebon craned his neck to look.

	While the Jury's temple was flying outward, the next two closest obelisks were traveling inward, and they were carrying large buildings along with them... buildings that were hurling in a crash-course straight for them.

	"Get in Nancy!"  Floydien shouted, already galloping towards the rear hangar, his cloven hooves splashing through the shallow puddles.  "Get in Nancy!"

	"Oh crud oh crud oh crud!"  Ebon squeaked, stumbling after him.  He would have heard himself shrieking