 next, if it weren't for the explosive sounds of two random temples colliding a hundred meters off their left side, hurling stone and granite debris into the murderous winds of Stratopolis... and sailing towards them.
	
		//------------------------------//
		// Into This World We're Thrown		//------------------------------//

	"Elma...?"  Pilate stammered, his face tilted in the direction of the weeping changeling.  "Elma, wh-what's happening to you?"

	The shape-shifter choked on a sob, burrying its fangs in a pair of black-webbed forelimbs.  Nothing but indecipherable squeaks came out.

	"Please, speak to us—"  The zebra took a step towards her, only to be yanked back by a pulse of telekinesis.

	"Pilate, give it up!" Josho exclaimed.  "She's nothing like she seemed!  She's worse off than Prowse!"

	"But... but she couldn't possibly have known that—"

	Rainbow Dash flew in, inadvertently knocking Pilate to the ground as she gripped Josho's shoulders.  "Josho!  You gotta teleport us out of here!"

	"Huh?!"  Josho exclaimed.

	"Wh-what?!" Seclorum stammered from a few feet away.  Arcshod and Aatxe glanced over in concern.

	"Don't you get it?!"  Rainbow's voice cracked.  "There's another me out there—a false me—and she's gonna be trashing the Noble Jury the first chance she gets!"

	"Rainbow, even if that was true, I can't just randomly port us out of here—"

	"Yes you can!"  Rainbow shouted.  "You have to!  As long as we're stuck here, our friends are screwed!"

	"I have no clue how this whole stupid place is built!" Josho roared.  "We could materialize in pure rock or in a bolt of lightning—"

	"Dang it, Josho!"  Rainbow Dash growled.  "Think of Eagle Eye!  You want him being torn to bits while we wait here, arguing!"

	Josho's teeth clenched tightly as he anxiously contemplated that.

	"Old friend..."  Seclorum stumbled forward, squinting.  "Don't tell me that you're thinking of—"

	"Alright, but if we explode into pony oatmeal, I'm putting the blame on you!" Josho exclaimed.  He gripped Rainbow's forelimbs while his horn started to glow.

	"No!"  Seclorum shouted, rushing forward.  "Don't do it!  Don't separate from us!  That's exactly what the changelings—"  A peach-colored hoof tripped him.  "Gaaah!"  The stallion fell hard to the ground.

	"Propsicle!" Prowse gasped.

	Props pulled her hoof in and spun towards Rainbow and Josho.  "Go, Jurists!  Work your magic!  Snappity snap!"

	"Hold your breath," Josho wheezed as his horn glowed to a blinding degree.  "There's no telling how much this is going to suck—"

	FLASH!  Before the survivors shocked faces, the two ponies disappeared...



	...and materialized upside down in a mess of stormclouds.

	"Gaauchkkkt!"  Josho hissed, sputtered.  He fell instantly, along with Rainbow Dash.  Lightning struck, throttling their ear drums as they plummeted through the hurricane winds and rain.

	Rainbow Dash shouted something, but couldn't hear over the ringing of her ears.  Rolling about, her eyes settled on a dark circular spot above them—when in fact it was below them.  Wheezing, she spun around, spotted the flailing figure of Josho in her peripheral, and propelled herself directly towards him.  The winds tore at her feathers and a consistent gale shoved her sideways.

	Nevertheless, with tearing eyes, she sliced the air sideways, diving towards Josho's figure as it flew like a living anvil towards the largest building's rooftop.



	"Hurry hurry hurry!"  Ebon Mane's voice rattled down the rattling bulkheads of the Noble Jury.  He clamored after Floydien as the elk made his way towards the front crawlspace.  "Mr. Floydien, we gotta take off!  We're seconds away from turning to dust—"

	"Sailboat boomer means Floydien has to get out of here!"  The elk shouted as he threw himself into the vertical crawlspace.  With strained hooves, he pulled himself towards the cockpit above.  "Get to the womb of Nancy Jane with the sailboating!"

	"Wh-what?!"  Ebon skidded to a stop, wheezing.  "The engine room?!  B