ut... wh-why me—"

	"If some boomer doesn't fire up the glimmer shimmer, Nancy Jane dies, and Floydien's friends along with her!"  Floydien glanced down once to shout, "You are blonde boomer now!  Make with the quick quick!"

	Hyperventilating, Ebon dashed forward, kick-slid along the floor, and dropped like a stone down the crawlspace opposite of where Floydien was climbing.  He nearly slammed into Zaid while scrambling to gallop down the belly of the ship towards the stern.

	"H-hey!  Are we taking off or what?!" Zaid exclaimed above the rattling noise of the bulkheads.

	"What!" Ebon shrieked, then flung a hoof towards him.  "You find a secure place for yourself and Kera and hunker down!  This is about as bumpy as it's ever going to get!"

	"Wait, are you the engineer now?!" Zaid wheezed, hugging Kera close.

	"M-maybe!"  Ebon was already tossing himself into the engine compartment.

	"Awwwwwwwwwwwwwww boogers."  Zaid flung open the curtain to the observation room and practically tossed Kera into one of Rainbow's hammocks.  Next, he gathered all the pillows from every netted bed and piled them around the filly.



	"Oh blessed Spark..."  Belle sat on her haunches atop the round building's balcony, chewing on the edges of her hooves as she watched two looming buildings soar towards the temple where the Noble Jury was.  "Oh please... oh please oh please oh please!"  Her voice wavered, on the virge of tears.

	Thoroughly rain-soaked, Eagle Eye squinted through the howling window.  Above the thunder, he heard a high-pitched whistle.  Nervously, he wrenched his eyes off the doomed Jury and blinked skyward.

	Through the swirrling eddies, he spotted two tiny dots—a pair of flailing bodies that plummeted through the storm.

	He sucked his breath in.  "Rainbow...?"



	"Josho, hang on!"  Rainbow Dash finally resorted to coiling her wings at her sides and aiming her body like a living torpedo.  She plummeted at a diagonal angle, plowing into Josho's belly with a full-on tackle.

	"Ooomf!"  The unicorn grunted.

	Rainbow Dash twirled with his weight.  She saw the world spin, and in a blink spotted the domed roof of the circular structure.  The pegasus hugged her friend tighter and dragged a wing out.  She gave the two of them last-second lift, so that they approached the rooftop at a nearly-even angle.

	Wh-Whud!  The two bounced off, flew, came down again, and slid across the water-slick surface.  Rainbow gnashed her teeth and grunted from the careening movement.  There was little friction, so when the two reached the building's edge, they shot off like cannonballs.  Rainbow gasped, helpless to slow their descent.

	That's when Josho's horn glowed.  In desperation, he telekinetically tugged at the first thing that he could reach with his magical grip.  It turned out to be the rusted chassis of a crashed zeppelin against the far side of the building's round balcony.

	The two braked in mid-air like a ball tethered to a rusted pole.  Josho's horn started to short out, and Rainbow saw it.  With a grunt, she flapped both wings, shoving against the hurricane winds.  Before Josho's telekinesis could wear off, she succeeded in shoving the two of them onto the precarious edge of the balcony.

	"Ooof!" Rainbow Dash grunted as she landed, sprawled out onto the water-soaked ledge.  She barely had a moment to breathe when she heard an obnoxiously loud grinding sound.  The pegasus looked up to see that the hulking piece of aircraft had cracked down the center from Josho's anchoring tug.  Before her ruby eyes, the thing split in two, and a large chunk of rusted metal inevitably plunged off the balcony ledge... and towards them.

	"Josho, roll!" Rainbow kicked him in the fat flank.  The two tumbled in opposite directions, avoiding the grinding chunk of metal by mere inches.  With a brief vomit of sparks, the wreck slid past them and plunged violently into the depths below, where it eventually collided with two buildings that were already smashing into each other on account of their converging obe