lisks.

	Breathless, Rainbow Dash stumbled up to her hooves and sprinted towards Josho.  "You okay?!  Speak to me!"

	Josho hissed, gagged, and curled up.

	"...Josho?" Rainbow Dash shook his shoulder.

	"Hrgghghhllllghl!"  The stallion hurled, vomiting up a bucketload of rainwater.  His eyes rolled back as he let loose a low, sickly grow.  "Ledo's scrotum, I hate blind teleports—"

	"Just hang in there!  I'll get you someplace dry—"

	"Balls to that!"  The stallion snarled, shoving at her hoof.  "Get your ass to the control room!  Save our friends!  I didn't throw myself into vomitland for nothing!"

	Rainbow nodded... then nodded again.  "R-right.  Right!"  She spun and took off in a burst of air, hurling herself down one of the corridors beyond the balcony's edge.  "Try not to get washed up!"

	Josho wheezed, crawling limply towards dry cover.  "A little... t-too late..."



	Ebon panted and panted, rushing from instrument panel to instrument panel in the lavender-glowing engine room.  "Come on, Ebon.  Come on..."  He gulped and trembled, fiddling with a dozen levers every ten seconds.  "You've seen Propsy do this a million times!  What turns the whole thing on?!  What?!"

	"Scrkkkk!  Sailboat boomer?!"  Floydien's voice echoed from the nearby intercom.

	"I'm working on it!" Ebon growled.



	Floydien stared out the wind-swept top deck of the Noble Jury.  At an angle, his red eyes spotted the approach of two massive temples as they converged on the floating building where they were stranded.

	"Now would be a good time!" the elk throated, his expression wincing.

	Just then, the temples struck.  A crumbling wave of imploding stone rippled towards the Noble Jury.  Floydien's cloven hoof slapped a button, shutting the cockpit's rear door to the deafening thunder and wall of destruction.  He spun about, hopped the vertical crawlspace, and gripped the controls.

	"Come on, worthless sailboat!  Spark the Nancy!  Spark the Nancy!!"



	"Hey, uh, Ebon?!"  Zaid's voice rang down the bottommost corridor as the entire ship shook like the heart of an earthquake.  "Now might be a good time to rethink your cooking career!"

	"Got it!" Ebon shouted through a grinning muzzle.  "I found what switches on the skystone!"  He clamped his hooves over a lever and gave it a crank.  "Hnnnngh!"  The lights along the rim of the engine room flickered on and off.  "Come on!  Hrrrghh!"  He yanked and yanked and yanked and—

	A tongue of flame erupted around the caged tome, then shrunk back into the runic pages.  A loud hum erupted through the ship's manaconduits.



	Up in the cockpit, Floydien saw his instrument panel light up.

	"The skystone drive...?!"  He gritted his teeth.  "It's not the steam thrusters, but it'll do!"  He shoved a throttle forward.  "Hold on to boomer butts!"



	Sparks splashed across the leftover granite floor as the Noble Jury rushed forward in a scraping burst, outflying the wave of crumbling devastation behind it.  The temple lost cohesion, plummeting into the thunderous clouds.  As a result, the Noble Jury spat out the far end, launched from the thin space of the collapsing building like a limp bullet from a lopsided gun.

	When it emerged into open space, the vessel had lost much of its acceleration.  It twirled, toppeled, and drifted sideways with chaotically sparkling skystone bits.  Then, to add insult to injury, the temples behind it exploded from the cores of their weighted bodies colliding in bulk.  Chunks of debris flew outward in every direction, including one massive chunk that struck the broadside of the Jury.



	CLANKKKK!

	"Graaaugh!"  Floydien shouted, his antlers sparking at random while the heavy impacted jolted him off his hooves.  His grip slipped from the controls as the Noble Jury spiraled out of control.  Feeling weightless, the elk toppled backwards... and plummeted down the crawlspace.

	Whud!  His body slammed against a ladder... Th-Thwack! and then pinballed off the wall on the other side of the narrow passage.



	Zaid