 was leaning over the hammock where he had laid Kera, covering the filly with his trembling body.

	Thud!  A brown figure collapsed like a huge chunk of meat on the bulkhead directly outside the observation room.

	Zaid spun to look, breathless.  "Mr. Floydien...?"

	The elk lay dead-still, his antlers dim, his limbs limp.

	Zaid panted, eyes widening.  "Elkster?!"  He gulped.  "Buddy—?!"

	He could only gasp, for the unpiloted Jury was instantly swept up in a hurricane force gail.  Zaid's body rolled away from the hammock and collapsed hard against the opposite bulkhead.



	"Oh no..."  Eagle Eye stammered, his eyes locked on the plummeting image of the Jury as it disappeared in the thundering mess below.  "...Ebon..."

	Bellesmith hyperventilated.  Her eyes teared against the wind as a growing grimace consumed the golden contours of her face.  "I left her... I... I-I abandoned—"

	"Bellesmith!"

	The mare jerked in place, feeling the warm grip of Eagle's hoof on her shoulder.  Both ponies looked up.

	More and more temples collided, their obelisks flinging them into suicidal paths.  With each successive explosion, a broader and deadlier array of stones were being shot skyward.  Suddenly, a merciless rain of rocks and granite chunks were plummeting their way, accelerated murderously by the hurricane winds of Stratopolis.

	"Quick!"  Eagle Eye shouted, pulling at Belle's forelimbs.  "Inside!  Run inside—"

	But it was too late.  The rocks rained down, thunderously pelting the balcony of the round building in dozens of different places.  Columns shattered.  The crashed shells of airships imploded.  Rivulets of cracked fissures formed everywhere, spreading the stone platform beneath the ponies until—

	"Gaaah!"  Belle tripped, as did Eagle Eye.  Gripping on for dear life, they watched in horror at the ground beneath them split apart, breaking off into the chaotic winds beyond...
		//------------------------------//
		// The Gravity of This Situation		//------------------------------//

	Rainbow Dash skirted around the balcony of the large structure.  Twirling about, she dashed low and threaded through the columns and airship parts blocking her way towards the building's interior.

	Right as she was about to enter the depths of the structure, she heard loud whistling in the air.  Glancing back, she gasped.

	Several chunks of shattered temple parts were flying in her general direction.

	Beating her wings harder, Rainbow Dash rocketed herself into the nearest corridor, evading the impacting pieces of granite by a hair's breadth.



	Bellesmith and Eagle Eye weren't quite so lucky.  They clung precariously to the balcony's ledge, a ledge that was growing increasingly fractured with each millisecond.  Several hulking bits of granite struck all around them, causing the cracks and fissures to spread further.

	Belle's grip was slipping.  Her rear legs dangled into the rainy air.  "EE...!" she began shrieking.

	Breathless, Eagle Eye glanced at the fractured chunk of marble beneath them.  With a grunt, he stabbed his sword straight into the material, anchoring himself in place.  "Grab ahold of me!"

	The mare complied without hesitation.  Within two seconds of hugging him from behind, the piece of granite they were on cracked completely, breaking off from the rest of the structure.  With a combined yelp, the two plunged loose into the deathly winds with Eagle Eye clinging to the shard with his one sword.



	"Unnngh!"  Ebon Mane tumbled across the engine room floor and slammed into a wall for the umpteenth time.  The Noble Jury had finished another plummeting rotation.  "Grnnngh... Floydien!  There's gotta be a way to fly us straight!"

	Silence came from the intercom.  All was rattling bulkheads and sparks.

	Ebon's sweaty face glistened in the lavender light.  "Mr. Fl-Floydien...?!"

	More silence.

	Panicking, he crawled across the turbulent aircraft's interior and fought to swing the door to the navigation room open.  "Zaid!  I-I think we have a problem—"

	