"Scrkkkk!  Don't I know it, Burgundude!""

	Ebon's eyes twitched.  He tilted his ears towards the intercom.  "Zaid...?!"



	"More like Scaredy McCrapMySaddle at the moment!" The ex-cultist grunted, his hooves gripping the cockpit controls tight.  "Do a sexy bachelor a favor and rush into the observation room and make sure Kera's still doing the Safety Swing!"

	"What happened to Floydien?!"

	"Oh, y'know..."  Zaid stammered, his wide-eyes locked on the chaos in front of him.  "What spits up must spit down.  As for me..."

	Beyond the windshield, all was tornados and loose building shrapnel.

	Zaid whimpered, "A little glad you didn't cook me brunch like I asked earlier."  Gulping a dollop of bile down, he clenched his jaw and swerved hard with the controls.  "Hold on!  Things are about to get really kaizo!"



	Caught in a murderous clock-wise spin through the maelstrom, the Noble Jury nevertheless managed to gain altitude under Zaid's novice ministrations.  It was a good thing too, for it narrowly threaded between two halves of loosely twirling temple parts before veering its way around a pair of shimmering obelisks.

	A trio of temples collided overhead, sending waves of dust and gravel into the air.  The rocky pits violently pelted the ship's bow, covering the front face with dents and cracking the windshield in several places.  Gnashing his teeth, Zaid guided the rocking ship along its cyclonic path, mindful of three ginormous boulders sailing down at him from the lofty collision.

	With a burst of steam, the Noble Jury twirled, its hull and crimson skystone gleaming with rain water.  Against the backdrop of lightning flashes, its sleek body plowed through the dust and spiraled safely around the three huge shards falling towards it.  As thunder rolled, the vessel ascended briskly through the cacophonous tempest, leveling out to a considerably less hazardous altitude, and yet still forced to orbit the heart of the chaotic storm.

	Far down below...



	...Belle and Eagle Eye plummeted through the flickering squall, surrounded on all sides by rain, temples, and the scattering pieces of temples.  In the haze of an enchanted obelisk streaking by, they saw swirling bands of debris knifing their way directly below.  The rock that they were on plunged on a suicidal course towards the mess.

	"Eagle—!"

	The stallion was already jerking his head about.  He saw a large structure looming to their right.

	"Hold tight!"  Eagle shoutted, then gritted his teeth while his horn shimmered like a beacon.

	Belle's wet mane flounced.  She gasped, realizing that they had slowed in their descent.  She looked down to see that the rock they were on was encased in lavender energy.

	Eagle hissed, his forehead scrunched in agony.  Nevertheless, he succeeded in forcing the rock's fall into a diagonal glide, headed straight for the solid two-story platform to their side.

	"Almost there, EE..."  Belle sputtered against the rain and thunder.  She wrapped her forelimbs around him while he clung to the embedded sword.  "Just a little f-further..."

	"Ghhnngh... mmmff..."  Eagle Eye's face contorted in pain.  Blood trickled out of his ears as his entire body trembled beneath Belle's grip.  His horn flickered, starting to short out.

	At last, they were so close that they could hear the rattle of hailstones against the temple's roof.

	"Guhhh!"  Eagle's body went limp—so did the rock they were on.

	Th-Thud!  The ponies' rock collapsed on the edge of the roof and went sliding across the wet surface.  The couple slumped like ragdolls in opposite direction, catching their waterlogged breaths while the storm raged above them.

	"Eagle Eye... that was incredible..."  Belle stood up on weak knees.  "Are you okay?!"  She flashed him a worried look, having to speak below the booming thunder.  "Your leylines would have fried your nervous system at the rate that you were—"

	Eagle Eye couldn't hear her; he was too busy gasping.  Behind Belle's figure, an obelisk glided icily donwards from the storm