's heights.  It carried with it a massive temple on a collision course with the structure they had landed on.

	"Eagle Eye...?" Bellesmith stammered, her face full of concern.  Th-Thap!  A shield flew into her chest and she grabbed it with two forelimbs.  "Ooof!"

	"Nnnngh!"  Eagle Eye rushed forward, spun, and bucked her clear off the rooftop with two rear legs.

	Belle fell back into the hurricane winds, shrieking.

	Eagle twirled and flung his forehead over the roof's edge, aiming his horn at her body.  With adrenalized concentration, the petite unicorn enchanted the shield in her grasp, pushing it—and her—in a cascading glide towards a lonely temple floating safely below.

	Once he had pushed her with enough force, Eagle backed up, his lavender body covered by the shadow of the immense temple plummeting towards him.  Panting, he limped towards the opposite end and yanked his sword out of the loose rock along the way.  Eagle then broke into a desperate gallop, sliding at random as his hooves fought for traction on the roof's slick service.

	Seconds later, the gliding temple struck, tearing the second story of the platform into shreds, five meters per second.  A wall of sundered rock and debris trailed Eagle Eye, catching up to the unicorn with murderous speed.  With nowhere else to go, the ex-mercenary scampered towards the end, eyed a flimsy platform hovering far below, and jumped with a desperate shout.



	"Ooommf!"  Bellesmith landed atop the temple where she had been heroically thrown.  The shield slipped from her grasp and rattled to a stop in the nearby puddles.  Grunting, the mare stirred in pain, attempting to push herself back onto her hooves.

	She heard a loud blast—but it was too close and localized to be thunder.

	With wide eyes, Belle swung her watersoaked head skyward.  All she saw of the two colliding temples was an explosion of gigantic rock chunks—the largest blast since the chaos began.  Violent granite projectiles flew in every direction, carried aloft by the winds to the furthest parts of the maelstrom.

	"Eagle Eye!" she howled, tearful and shivering.

	Up above, three or four of the loose temple parts sailed like cannonballs towards the circular structure at the heart of Stratopolis.



	Inside the survivors' hold, the many ponies wobbled on their hooves.  Distant explosions sent deep reverberations through the building's frame, causing the bricklaid corridors to quiver, raining dust down on Xonan and Ledomaritan skulls alike.

	"Kala'skunnen thiulen rannas'alabien threatta!" Arcshod stammered.

	"What was all that?!" Props squeaked.  "Are we being fired at?!"

	"That's not cannonfire," Seclorum muttered, his graying face hard and grim.  "This whole floating city is going to Hell."

	Aatxe shuddered.  "Then she was too late.  She couldn't get to the control room in time..."

	"Let's not give up hope!" Prowse exclaimed with a frown.  "She and the fat horse went off to do something about it, didn't they?!  Have some bloody faith!"  He turned towards the rubble.  "Mr. Zebra sir..."

	Pilate was limping across the shaking floor, feeling with his hooves until he found a pair of curled forelimbs.  "Elma...?"  He crawled over, shaking her exoskeleton.  "Miss Boreal, please, you have to calm down..."

	"Nothing..."  The changeling whimpered, its eye sockets fuming with tiny puffs of green smoke.  "It's all n-nothing..."  Fangs clattered as it hid its face from the blind stallion.  "I loved them... I loved them all... m-my children..."

	"Then focus on them!"  Pilate insisted, shaking her frame.  "Find your center!  Don't slip any further!"

	"What's the p-point...?!"  Elma squeaked.  "None of the memories are real!  I'm... I'm useless..."

	"You're real!"  Pilate snarled.  "And nopony is useless, do you hear me?!  Don't give into the pawn they made you to be!"

	"But... but..."

	"Listen!"  Aatxe gasped, bracing himself against a torchlit wall.  "Do you hear that?!"

	Everypony froze in place, craning their necks to the air.  Lasairfion ti