lted her horn about while her close subjects shivered.

	Arcshod was the first to gasp.  "Xon!"

	"Incoming!"  Seclorum shouted above the sound of a rising, deathly whistle.  "Brace yourselves—"

	Less than a second later, the floor exploded with a splash of bricks.  A chunk of granite ripped its way through like a giant dagger, piercing the ceiling above.  Before anypony could register the sound of their own shrieks, a second chunk of granite impacted a few feet away, knocking ponies onto their flanks.

	Then, with horrific swiftness, those same chunks of temple-rock receded, flooding the compartment with howling wind and rainwater.  The low pressure sucked air out from the hold, and all manner of objects flew into the gaping, gray-lit abyss.  Stallions and mares shrieked as they slid helplessly towards the new opening.  Earth ponies grabbed whoever they could while unicorns telekinetically tugged the remaining victims.  With manic teamwork, everypony was successfully whisked away from the calamity, everypony except—

	"Pilate!"  Props shouted, clinging to a column of brick and mortar.

	The zebra in question clung to a chunk of debris from where the hallway had collapsed earlier.  He wasn't alone.  The shapeshifter-that-was-Elma huddled beside him, its gossamer wings beating in the billowing vacuum of air.  With a resounding cry, the changeling tried climbing further up the damaged wall—but failed.  It slipped, tumbled backwards, and plowed into Pilate's side.

	"Ooof!"  The blind stallion's grip broke off a chunk of debris.  He tumbled once, rolled twice, and fell straight through the hole, disappearing like a striped pebble into the hurricane winds below.

	"Pilate!"  Props screamed, her eyes streaming with tears.  She lunged forward, only to be pulled back by Prowse's one-legged grip.  "Nnngh!  No!  Unky Prowsy!  Not h-him!"

	"I'm so sorry, Propsicle!"  Prowse held her tight while Seclorum and Aatxe yanked the two of them back to safety, away from the gaping hole.  "I'm so sorry..."

	Props struggled and fought, ultimately lying limp in her uncle's grip as she sobbed indecipherably against the deafening gale.



	The large building shook, throwing Rainbow's flight off course.

	She grunted as her body was thrown into one wall and then another.  Flapping her wings, she struggled for balance, then continued her speeding flight up the zig-zagging hallways.

	Frowning into the glow of her pendant, she ascended the final granite slope.  The gray light of the central control room loomed ahead.  With rigid feathers, she angled her wings and sped forward like a bullet towards her destination.



	
	Hard raindrops.  Knifing from every direction.

	Pilate's flesh was too numb to register the pain.  Once the blood rushing through his head had localized, he realized he was still alive.  The sensation was brief, replaced instead by the altogether vomitous sense of weightlessness.

	He was still falling.

	"Gnnngh... Sp-Spark...!"

	His hooves bucked and thrashed, as if searching for an earth to gallop on.

	"I c-can't... I don't..."

	Images flashed through the darkness, visions of a life lived before the veil.  Sunny skies and desert plains and purple twilight lingering beyond propeller blades of a Ledomaritan airship.

	But none of these sights warmed his cold, panicked heart.  His ears twitched against the lull of gravity, and for the briefest of moments he felt the warm breath of her once-loving voice.

	His gray eyes closed, squeezing tears out into the wind and howl.

	"...I love you so much..."

	Almost instantly, a whistling noise shot straight towards him.

	Pilate gasped, for he was no longer falling.  He was dangling.  Blood rushed into hanging legs, then rolled back into his upper body.  He felt a cold pair of hooves around his upper shoulders.  Trembling, Pilate reached one hoof up and felt the shell of his savior, feeling the porous holes collecting rainwater.

	"...M-Miss Boreal?"

	Right then, he was dropped.

	"Gaaah!"  He fell again—but this 