time for three feet.  "Ooof!"  He rolled across what felt like a water-slick surface.

	Rainwater pitter-pattered on all sides of him.  The thuds of colliding temples lessened and lessened, giving way to the calm roll of distant thunder.

	Pilate pushed against the smooth granite surface, standing up straight as he felt the wind shifting around him.  The sound of dragonfly wings flitted in a curved path, then settled to a stop just a few feet ahead.

	"Elma...?"  He gulped and fumbled forward, slipping almost immediately on a shallow puddle.  "Unngh!  Guh..."  Panting, he nevertheless stood up once more.  "Elma... please..."

	A shuffling noise.  Then silence.  Then the dragonfly wings flitted again.

	"Elma!"  Pilate yelped.  He shuffled forward, galloped forward.  "Elma!  Don't leave!  You helped me!  Let me help you!"

	It was too late.  The sound was gone, swallowed up by cyclonic noise and precipitation.

	Pilate realized there was no telling when the platform ended.  He skidded to a stop, slipping and falling on his haunches.  He sat—hyperventilating—in the wet, wet darkness.  "Elma...?!"

	Nothing.

	"R-Rainbow?!  Rainbow Dash?!"

	More nothing.

	Pilate gnashed his teeth, collapsing on bent knees as he sputtered and howled, "Somepony!  Anypony!  Please...!"

	His voice took on a growling tone, then collapsed into angry, frustrated bellows as he collapsed in the rain water, lost in the storm.

	Useless.



	Swooosh!

	Rainbow Dash flew the last few meters between her and the innermost control room of the building.  When she emerged upon the refracted light of stained glass dome above, she came to a stop in mid-air, gasping.

	Beyond the tomb of Commander Hurricane, the floor of the compartment was littered with broken staves.  What's more, the black enchanted shards on their tips had been smashed to crystalline dust.

	Flying in the center of the room was a blue pegasus with a spectral mane, and she was presently in the process of moving the last remaining rod, then bucking it down the center.  Crack!  She immediately plopped down and crushed the very last glowing shard with her hooves.  Once that was done, she tilted her face up, staring across the room with ruby eyes.

	Rainbow's muzzle hung agape.

	The doppelganger gazed back.  Its eyes scanned Rainbow Dash up and down, before narrowing in concentration.  Then, with bursts of green flame, a Loyalty Pendant and a midnight blue saddlebag appeared on its body.  The pegasus smiled.

	Rainbow gritted her teeth.  She flapped her wings and angled her body to tackle the imposter from afar.  However, at the last second, something moved in her peripheral vision.  Rainbow froze in place, then tilted her head to the side.

	There were twice as many pegasus corpses lying at the barricade behind her.  In a blink, the bodies leapt up, gliding towards her on dragonfly wings.

	"Ooof!"  Rainbow Dash was speared from behind.  Two changelings shoved her to the control room floor, shoving her past shattered granite blocks that had collided during the time it took for her to speed her way there.  "Grrrr-Raaaugh!"  She bucked the shape-shifters off of her and kipped up to her hooves.

	More and more bodies flew in, dropping camouflage as they leapt off the walls, ceiling panels, and barricades of the place.  Suddenly, Rainbow Dash was surrounded by no less than four dozen changelings, all of them slashing at her with jagged forelimbs and nipping with glistening fangs.

	"Hnnngh!  Grnngh!  Get off!  Get off, you smelly jerkroaches!"  Rainbow bucked and thrashed and shook with all her might, but they had effectively piled up on her, converting their forelimbs into long segmented pinchers that bound her limbs in place.  "Guhhhhh!  Hrkkk!"  She panted and sweated, pinned helplessly to the floor.  The veritable shell of insectoid equines buzzed all around her with intermittently flitting wings.  She felt a shadow looming over her exposed face, and she looked up.

	The other Rainbow Dash hovered low, the shadows of its fuzzy face da