rkening as it sneered at the captured prey.  "Shhhh... Mother needs her secret weapon delivered to the Twilight Lands..."  It converted its right forelimb into a razor-sharp scythe of curved ivory.  "...and you're going to be its key, even if we have to carve it out of your chest."

	Rainbow Dash's lips quivered.  "M-Mother...?"

	"Don't worry," the other her said, lowering the blade to Rainbow's chest.  "Your consciousness will rest lovingly in her embrace forever, as will the memories of your dead friends—"  This sentence came to an abrupt end, as did the changeling's skull.  A bright yellow beam sailed in from the room's edge, instantly decapitating the shape-shifter with a splatter of green slime.  The rest of the thing's corpse fell to the ground, twitching and writhing until its onyx legs curled up to its glossy chest.

	Rainbow sputtered, her eyes darting to the far edge of the room.

	Six figures in dark robes and silver masks stormed in from a barricaded hallway.  At the front, Razzar scurried on four limbs, then purched atop Hurricane's tomb.  The thin spaces around his mask and sleeve glowed with amber light as he shouted, "Neutralize and contain, brothers!"

	The air lit up with yellow manafire.

	Shrieking, the ball of changelings leapt off Rainbow's body like baby spiders fleeing a nest.  Over ten of them dropped instantly, their bodies blasted to slimy ribbons by the Lounge's gunfire.  The rest scattered in every direction, flying too swiftly for even the expert agents to target.  Spreading apart, they fled down separate hallways, disappearing into the depths of the building.

	"Nnnngh... mmmff..."  Rainbow Dash stood up on wobbly legs, rubbing the shallow cut the doppelganger had started to make in her sensitive chest.  "Holy crud on a crud bike..."  She panted and panted, smiling nervously in the Lounge's direction.  As Razzar walked over, she smiled awkwardly.  "I never thought I'd be happy to see you guys—"

	Razzar flicked his wrist.  A five-digit hand produced a yellow rod which he shoved straight into Rainbow's Neck.  The mare's rainbow mane stood on end as she experienced a severe electrical shock.

	"G-g-g-g-g-grkkk!"  Rainbow's ruby eyes rolled back, and she fell hard to the ground.  Whump!  She twitched, her vision growing fuzzy upon the virge of unconsciousness.

	"Check her," Razzar's voice hissed through his mask.  "If she's one of them, you know what to do.  The rest of you, secure the perimeter.  Lay out manaflares and shoot anything that moves."

	"Guhhhh..."  Rainbow twitched once, twice, then saw nothing but black.
		//------------------------------//
		// Zaid Spins You Right Round		//------------------------------//

	Struggling to catch his breath, Ebon Mane trudged out of the Noble Jury's engine room and limped through navigation.  He had to hop over a flood of books and maps that had fallen off their various shelves from the ship's numerous rolls.  At last, he made it to the base of the vertical crawlspace right before the observation room.

	"Floydien!"  As the ship veered at a slight angle with regular turbulence, the earth pony knelt low and stirred the elk's upper body.  "Mr. Floydien, say something!  Anything!  'Spit this' and 'spit that!'  Come on!"

	The elk lay silent, his antlers dim and his limbs still.

	"Nnnngh..."  Ebon hissed through clenched teeth.  "Darn it... darn it!"  He leaned over, pressing an ear to Floydien's chest.  After a few blinks, he exhaled with relief.  Nevertheless, he sat up and muttered in a low tone, "He's out cold.  Worst timing, too..."

	"Scrkkkk!"  The intercom in the observation room crackled to life.  "Where the heck are ya, Burgundbro?  Did the engine room blow up or something?!"

	With a gasping breath, Ebon tripped over Floydien, floundered through the doorway, an entered the gray-lit chamber.  The bubbled windows splashed refracted light all over his body from the waves of rain pelting against the glass.  "Gnnngh!"  Lunging forward, he slapped his hoof towards an intercom hanging high along a bulkhead. 