 "Wish I was flippin' taller... or had wings."  At last, his hoof made contact.  "Hello?!  Zaid?!"

	"Hey!  You're alive!  Zippo!  Where in the heck are you?"

	"Uhm... the observation room!" Ebon shouted.  The stallion stared pensively out the windows, watching as waves and waves of obelisks and temple debris streaked past the port and starboard sides of the cruising manaship.  "How'd you get us flying even?!  That's incredible—"

	"Crkkk!  Never mind that crap!  Check on Little Comatose Annie!"

	"Huh?!"

	"Kera!"  Zaid's voice barked.  "Is the little squirt still squirting?"

	Ebon rushed towards a thick hammock.  His eyes bulged, for the thing had twisted around itself four times.  Nervous, he unraveled the thing and spread the pillows piled within.  Kera's limp figure lay inside.  Her nostrils flared while her eyes twitched somewhat.

	He exhaled with, "She's okay!"  A gulp, and then, "As okay as ever, I guess."

	"Hot damn!  I told Bellesmith I'd kinda-sorta keep her alive.  I'd hate for my track record as a nanny to be ruined on day one."

	"Zaid, I... I think Mr. Floyd is hurt badly," Ebon said, glancing nervously at the elk as the ship continued its speeding course.  "It's hard to tell, exactly.  He's lying dead as a doornail."

	"But is he deader than a doornail?  Or, y'know, dead—dead?"

	"No, thank goodness!"  Ebon nodded, then trotted out to shout up the crawlspace.  "And thank goodness you took the controls of the ship!"

	"Yeah, well, don't thank me yet!" Zaid's clear voice shouted down.



	The stallion tilted his sweating face up towards the hurricane mess beyond.  He winced, having to jerk the controls slightly left and right to avoid bits of floating and wind-blown debris along his cyclonic path.

	"We're caught in a crazy-ass circle!  It's taking all of my concentration just to avoid crashing into something!"

	"Well, how about getting us out of this 'crazy-ass circle?'"

	"Are you kidding me?!" Zaid shouted once more over his shoulder.  "I was never allowed to pilot any of the Herald's ships!  All I know from airshipping is from watching other ponies do it—and only half the times sober!"

	"Well, what can you do?!"

	"Keep us alive by flying at this regular velocity!"  Zaid exclaimed.  "Landing on one of the surviving temples?  That's a whole 'nother situation altogether.  I mean, I could try, but odds are we'd all blow chunks out our stomach after the hulls of Floydien's Nancy Jane blow shrapnel chunks into us!"

	"And if we slow down..."

	"...then we become mince meat in these winds!  I dunno how much you can see from the observation room, but this is like trying to swim a fly—"  He had to grunt and jerk the controllers in time to avoid a flying piece of a shattered airship.  With a shudder, he exhaled, "—through an alphabet soup of death!"

	"Well, with Floydien down for the count and the others unaccounted for—"

	"Look, all I can do right now is keep us in one piece!" Zaid exclaimed.  "Whatever went down in that doom-and-gloom temple, we owe it to the rest of the Jurists to keep our one single piece of transportation intact!  Maybe—I dunno—they can shut the magic wind muscle down from the inside out or something!  Whatever the case, I'm sure it's going to involve Rainbow Dash and a whole lot of flank kicking!"

	"What if she's dead?!"

	"Then, buddy, I hope you can cook a good last meal."



	Ebon Mane sighed, bowing his head towards the floor of the crawlspace where Floydien lay.

	"Right... read you loud and clear," the earth pony mumbled.

	"I'd rather you read Rainbow Dash loud and clear!" Zaid's voice rang down.  "I've got my hooves full!  I need you to—"

	"Keep an eye on the Engine Room?"

	"You've been around Blondie long enough to know a lick of sense in that department, sure, but couldja at least try spamming our friends' sound stones?"

	Ebon nodded and galloped briskly back towards the stern while the ship veered and rattled. "On it!"

	"Try and get them to respond!" Zaid's voice rang.  "I'd give eve