rything to know that they're still sexy!  Also alive!  But mostly the sexy part!"

	Meanwhile, Ebon scrambled his way back into the engine room.  Keeping an eye on the flickering lavender tome, he slapped a hoof over Props' communications array and spoke into the quivering mic.  "Rainbow Dash!  Pilate!  Josho!  Is anypony there?!"  He fidgeted, bit his lip, the stammered, "Eagle Eye?  If you can hear me... we'd really like to hear back from you right now..."



	The Noble Jury glided in and out of cloud cover, hurling itself against the howling winds.

	Josho saw this from a distance as he struggled to slide his obese self down the sloped rooftop of the circular building.

	"Hey..."  He waved his forelimb.  "Hey!"  He waved both legs.  "Heeeeeeeeeey!  Crack a window and take a look, ya melon fudges!  We need some pick-ups!"

	The stallion's cries were left unheard.  The familiar skystone ship blurred on, stuck in its clockwise rotation as it disappeared beyond the frames of half-destroyed temples and obelisks..

	"Hrnnngh..."  Josho's nostrils flared.  Using his shotgun like a staff, he slid himself the rest of the way down the domed roof.  "I swear, I need an airbag for how many dayum times my life hits the bedrock of Hell."

	Something soared straight past him, too quiet to be a granite shard, too light to be a normal pony.  Josho heard the flitting of gossamer wings, and then wind once more.

	He paused, looking up the roof from which he came.  Rain pelted his coat, sending rivulets of water dribbling off his horn and muzzle.

	After a sputtering breath, he returned to his task.  "One of these days, I wanna have a death-defying adventure at a beach resort."  And, with a grunt, he jumped down to the rubble-strewn balcony below.
		//------------------------------//
		// Skip, Skip to the Lounge		//------------------------------//

    “Mmmmfff…”  Rainbow’s muzzle stirred as she lay on her side across the granite floor.  “Gnngh… don’t… d-don’t stick around here for too long… it’s t-too dangerous…”  Her tail flicked as her eyelids stirred.  “Mmmmff… so what?  Leave the hair clip on, Gold Petals.  It looks fine…”

    A five-finger’d gloved hand raised her hoof to a blade, then sliced a tiny slit in her flesh.

    “Aaaaugh!”  Rainbow Dash shot up, bucking the cloaked body off her.  “Friggin’ stop it, ya melon--Oh.”  Her ears drooped from where she hovered.  “It’s you guys.”

    Razzar stared at the red blood dripping off his blade, then tilted his mask up towards her.  ”Do you realize what you’ve done?” his voice crackled through a grimacing mouthpiece.

    “Ugh… yeah…”  Rainbow Dash brought her hoof up to her mouth and suckled on the shallow cut.  “Had another friggin’ dream about a blonde.”

    Other Lounge members strolled behind him, examining the lengths of the rubble-strewn control room while their leader leered up in her face.  ”Well, this is no ordinary nightmare you’ve caught us all in!  Because of your arrogance, you’ve endangered your crew and mine!  Now we’re stuck in a purgatorial place with no chance of--”

    “Whoah whoah whoah whoah whoah!”  Rainbow Dash frowned, waving her hooves.  “Hold the sound stone, buddy!  All I wanted to do was protect my friends--”

    ”From what?!”  Razzar’s suit glowed brighter in the seams around his mask.  ”You had an imposter with you the entire time!  A treacherous fiend whom you should have given up to our custody when we asked--”

    “You knew, didn’t you?!”  Rainbow Dash frowned.  “The way you came rushing in, zapping all those bug-ponies off my back like it was regular hunting season?!  You knew that Prowse was a changeling the whole time!”

    “It did not change the fact that he was wanted by several concerned parties throughout the Wastes--”

    “The least you could have done was friggin’ told us instead of being all mystifying and threatening from the get-go, pal!”  Rainbow jerked.  “No, I take tht ba