ck!  The least you could have done was not chased us with pew pew death lasers into the storm!”

    ”You gave us no choice.”

    “Like you gave us one?!”  Rainbow Dash’s voice cracked.  She bucked at a crumbled piece of stone with a grunt.  “Grrgggh!  I swear!  Is Equestria the only land to warm-blooded creatures of sense?!”

    To that, Razzar merely sighed.  A device attached to his belt flickered, and he tapped it with a pointed finger.  ”What’s your report, Vaughan?”

    A deep voice crackled on the other end.  ”I’m still having difficulty with the skystone core, Razzar.  In theory, I could utilize a lightning rod to channel some electricity into the engine, but that will depend on both time and luck.”

    Razzar nodded.  ”We appear to be in short supply of either.”

    ”Then I will have to work with great diligence.”

    ”Do your best, brother.  We are depending on you.”

    ”Understood.  Vaughan out.”

    Once the frequency ended, another Lounge from the fringes of the room turned towards the leader.  ”No sign of the shape shifters, Razzar,” he hissed beneath his mask.  ”Knowing them, they could be blending in with the walls and floor.”

    Rainbow’s ruby eyes bugged.  “They can do that?”

    Razzar ignored her, turning instead to the other figure.  “Load extra crystal charges into your rifles, brothers.  We’ll have to perform manasweeps of the hallways as we make our exit.  Alternate rifles so that we can equally conserve our ammo.”

    ”Yes, Razzar.”

    “Wait wait…”  Rainbow Dash squinted.  “The heck are you guys planning?”

    Razzar turned towards her.  ”Nothing, thanks to you.  We’ve never been inside the eye of the storm before, for fear of how inescapably turbulent the winds are.  The act of sabotage you did on our vessel stalled it on one of the lower temples.  We were lucky not to be in one of the structures destroyed recently by the shape-shifting hoard.  Until our engineer Vaughan can get the skystone drive back online, we are stranded here--and even then we have no guarantee that the winds won’t slice the hull of our ship to ribbons.”

    “What do you mean you’ve ‘never been inside the eye of the storm before?’”  Rainbow blinked.  “Did you know about this place too?!”

    ”We know enough about it to realize it’s a dangerous, inescapable trap.”

    “Balls to that!”  Rainbow frowned.  “Stratopolis has claimed dozens upon dozens of airships for nearly two decades!  I’m willing to bet that most of them happened on your watch, bucko!”

    ”Call this place whatever you wish,” Razzar said.  ”We have endeavored to protect the passengers of the Strait to the best of our ability.”

    “Pffftchyaa… and what a fine job you’ve been doing at it, too!”

    ”A job that will be accomplished by no one now that you have thrown your crew and mine into jeopardy!”

    “What?!”  Rainbow rolled her eyes.  “For crying out loud!  If you had just had the good sense to--”

    ”It matters little.”  Razzar trotted past her, eying the tomb of Commander Hurricane through his mask.  ”Perhaps this turn of events was somehow predestined.”  He tilted his head up towards the rain-slick stained glass above.  ”Judging from both the architecture and the corpses that define this place, it would seem as if it has a common connection with you.”

    “Just what are you going on about?”

    With a jagged finger, Razzar pointed at the corpses along the barricades, then at Rainbow Dash.  ”Winged ponies.  If you ask me, it is too much of a coincidence.”

    “That’s a freaky trend I’m noticing a lot lately,” Rainbow Dash said with a wary gaze.  “What’s it to you?”

    ”Must I state the obvious?  Your group and mine have our differences, but there’s a far more dangerous threat that needs to be met.  As much as I hesitate to suggest it, working together is our best option.”

    “And what mak