es you think I can trust you?”

    ”Please…”  His voice hissed as his gloved hands formed dual fists.  ”I am risking enough by even suggesting I put a fraction of my brothers’ lives into your hooves.  As chaotic as this place may look, it stands to reason that somewhere inside is a key to controlling it and the weather around it.  And now that I find that you may have some connection with the ponies who populated this place before…”

    Rainbow simply hovered in place, her muzzle clamped shut.

    Vapors exhaled out of the yellow light of Razzar’s suit.  ”Perhaps there are others surviving in this place who would be more willing to assist us?”

    Rainbow flew down, glaring at his level.  “What are the odds that you chased them in here as well?”

    “Not as slim as our chances of surviving separately.”

    “Heh…”  Rainbow Dash smirked.  “Why is it that I feel that’s the only honest thing you’ve told me since I woke up?”

    ”Would you rather deal with the shape shifters?”  Razzar cocked his neck.  ”And on your own?”

    Rainbow Dash bit her lip, avoiding his masked gaze.

    ”I would give anything for the sanctity of my crew,” Razzar said.  ”We’ve both seen what can happen to a pony as strong as you on your own.  Please, at least let me help you reunite with them, and then we can work out a plan from there.”

    Rainbow Dash took a deep breath, then hovered closer to the ceiling.  ”Fine. But only because I’m worried over their safety more than anything.”

    ”As I’m sure you do,” Razzar droned coolly.

    Rainbow squinted at him, then cleared her throat.  “It’s a nasty journey to the Hold where most of the survivors are hanging tight.  I’ll take you there, but it’s up to them if whether or not they’ll shake… uh… hands with you.”

    ”Perfectly understood.”

    “And it’s not gonna be an easy trip on foot,” she said, flapping her wings for emphasis.  “Just saying…”

    ”I do believe we can adapt.”  The speaker in his mask clicked as he turned and gestured towards his cohorts.  In perfect synchronization, all six Lounge members pressed a button on their wristbands.  The backs of their cloaks flared out, revealing twin shafts that vented out yellow manadust.  With a low hissing sound, the six figures levitated side by side.

    Rainbow Dash blinked, then sighed.  “Now I know why all the pegasi outside Equestria died off…”  She frowned and floated down the nearest corridor, followed by the Lounge.  “They all got shown up by freakjobs.”

		//------------------------------//
		// Ah, Crap, Not This Game		//------------------------------//

	"I think..."  Aatxe shuddered, leaning just far enough to stare into the gaping holes that the impacting temple shards had made with the floor of the building's lower hold.  "I-I think the worst is over with."  He turned and gazed at the other survivors.  "The structures have stopped colliding with one another."

	Arcshod glanced warily at the rest.  "Gil'sanna kiulem messa threatta k'neen?"

	Seclorum shook his head.  "There's no way to tell.  Maybe she got to the control room, or maybe the shape shifters just stopped the chaos themselves."

	"What about the Tarkington?" Prowse asked from where he stood far from the invading winds, holding a distraught Props close.  "Is the wee temple holding that ship still intact?"

	"Believe me, I wish I knew," Aatxe muttered.  "But I can't see it from this angle to be able to tell."

	"Maybe if we sent somepony to the surface, then?"  Prowse remarked.  "Took a gander from the balcony?"

	"Blaa'kensiel!"  Arcshod frowned.  "Yul'henna thiulen drenna trennde!"

	"He's right," Aatxe sighed.  "The game has changed.  With the arrival of this pegasus, the changelings are one step closer to acquiring something."

	"And what's that, exactly?" Prowse asked.

	"I'm not sure," Seclorum grumbled.  "But I certainly do not wish to find out."

	"Hraak suun veel!" a Xonan warrior shou