tchen.  "I'm trying to ration all of our solid foods!  That's why I've cooked so much soup over the past few days!  We've got plenty of that to go around!"

	"Right.  And sprinkling a little bit of hay garlic over it would kill... who, exactly?"

	"You're not going to want seasoning unless you're able to eat a full plate of pasta or oats again, trust me!"  Ebon grumbled.  "You know, at least the other members of the crew understand the situation we're in, but you're the one who keeps going at my jugular."

	"But seriously, do you ever taste your own stuff, buddy?"

	"Yes!  As a matter of fact, all I do is taste!" Ebon rattled a ladle against the edge of the soup pot he was stirring in.  "I don't even get to nibble much these days!  I dunno—maybe it's a little thing called 'selflessness!'  I'd much rather you guys eat since I'm so darn worried about everypony starving!"

	"Easy for you to say.  I don't think I've ever seen you have a bite of your own stuff—like—ever."

	"Grrrghhh... You know what?  Since you're such an expert on the whole matter..."  Ebon turned, frowned, and shoved the ladle into Josho's chest.  "You make the soup, ya big talking sofa cushion!"

	"Oh come on, don't get all rotten princess on me.  That's Eagle's job."

	"And you pretend to be the expert on that too!  Well I've got news for you!"  Ebon stomped his hoof and shouted, "You're not!"

	"There isn't exactly a line for job applicants there, pal."

	"Nnnngh!"  Ebon tossed his hooves and stomped towards the stairwell.  "I'm going out!"

	"Out where?  There isn't much 'out' to be had," Josho said.

	"Yeah, cuz you keep filling up the darn airship with your fat!"

	"Good one there, slick."

	"Oh hush!"

	Once Ebon was gone, Josho sighed, rolled his eyes, and hesitantly approached the steaming pot of soup.  "Congratulations, old stallion," he muttered aloud.  "Tomorrow's breakfast holocaust is in your hooves now..."



	Ebon marched up the stairwell.  Near the entrance to the cold upper deck, he sat in place, shivering.  A burning frown ripped across his face, and with a snarl he bucked the doorframe several times.  "Nnngh!  Grghhh!  Hnnngh!"

	Slumping against the frame, he panted and panted, then gripped his skull with quivering hooves.

	"Help me, mother.  I'm going insane.  At this rate, I'm going to... going to..."

	"...I stitched her this really snazzy coat, Your Highness.  She really likes it.  Well... I can only assume she likes it, because she's used it constantly and hardly takes it off..."

	Ebon's ears twitched.  He turned, gazing down the open deck under moonlight.

	Flakes of snow fluttered past Eagle Eye's figure as he stood along the port side railing, staring up at the pale night sky.  A calm smile graced his lavender face, and he had his hoodie pulled down around his silken mane.

	"It's made out of leather and canvas seams.  Don't worry, your highness.  The leather didn't come from anything that... uh... speaks."  Eagle Eye gulped.  "I mean, I've kind of gathered from Rainbow Dash how Equestrians feel about that sort of thing.  I really didn't mean any offense, and as a matter of fact I was kind of frightened she wouldn't want the jacket, but it fits her wonderfully and she's used it to warm herself while scouting the Frozen Sea ahead of us.  So... seems to be win-win in the end.  I'm... kind of proud of the stitching job I did on it too, but I digress."

	Eyebrow raised, Ebon slowly trotted out of the stairwell and towards the stallion.  He weathered the chill of the high winds, instead focusing on the words coming from Eagle's muzzle as his breath vapors twinkled in the moonlight.

	"Rainbow Dash does so much to protect us and to see that we make it over this passage safely.  She's selfless that way.  But I think she's a little too selfless at times.  The poor mare has... so much weighing on her.  I mean, sure, she always has.  But a lot of really bad stuff has happened lately, and I think she feels super guilty for it.  This might be why she's distanced herself from her clo