ted from where he and two Ledomaritans were rummaging through the nearby rubble.  "Rekk theem laak seen, Arcshod Xon-Nagu'n!"

	"Jaat'sanna klehm!"  Arcshod hollered back, gesturing with a hoof.  "Ree'nostra threnna seemh!"

	"What... wh-what's going on?" Props murmured through quivering lips.

	"Seems as though the most recent shakedown loosened the rubble blocking the hallway, lassie," Prowse said as his one forelimb stroked her mane.  "We might actually have a way out of here."

	Props gulped.  "Or they might have a way in."

	Almost immediately, the stallions around the rubble backed up, shouting in mixed tongue.

	Xonans forced Lasairfion to back up to a safe distance.  Meanwhile, Seclorum and Arcshod levitated crossbows and immediately galloped towards the hallway.  They aimed through the fresh niche formed in the corridor.

	"Freeze!"  Seclorum bellowed, squinting down the sight of his weapon.  "Not another move!"

	"Oh, for crying out loud..."  Josho grumbled, his glowing horn illuminating his obese figure in the middle of the bricklaid passage.  "Look, Secchy, it's me!  I'm back from the party upstairs."  With a shuddering breath, he limped forward.  "Have any of you melon fudges seen Rainbow Dash yet—?"

	Thwifft!—PING!  A crossbolt embedded into the mortar just an inch from Josho's left hoof, freezing him in place.

	Seclorum snarled while reloading his crossbow.  "Not.  Another.  Step."

	"Dammit, Secchy!  It's me!"  Frowning, Josho pointed at his glowing horn.  "I'm doing magic, see?!  Real unicorn right here!"

	"Kenn'astra lemmehn trennda'dren," Arcshod hissed.

	"What's he vomiting about?!"

	"Changelings can mimic unicorn magic," Seclorum said.  "They are what they become.  It won't fool anypony."

	"Because I'm not trying to fool anypony, Secchy!"  Josho growled.  "If I was a shapeshifter, would I do something as deliberately stupid as march straight down here to greet you guys?!"

	"My old friend wasn't one for winning spelling bees," Seclorum said, crossbow trained.  "That could easily be mimicked as well."

	"Unngh!  Fine."  Josho frowned and gestured with a hoof.  "Twenty-two years ago, back in our station at Blue Chasm, you and I started a yearly contest that we didn't tell anypony about—"

	"Let me guess..."  Aatxe strolled up, squinting down the corridor at the supposed stallion.  "You drank a bunch of rum and saw who could urinate into the ravine the farthest?"

	Josho did a double-take.  "How did you—?!"

	"Because a changeling shaped like you tried that on us over a year ago," Seclorum said.  "And if something that obscure is committed to the hive mind, then there's no trusting anything that you have to dredge from our collective memory."  The old stallion exhaled heavily.  "Nice try..."

	"Damn it to Spark's abyss, what do I have to do to convince you I'm harmless?!"

	"You can start by trotting back the way you came..."

	"Secchy, I'd be insect food if I stay out there!  At least tell me if Rainbow Dash made it back or not!"

	"Rainbow Dash?!"  Props craned her neck.  "Josho, did you see her—Mmmfff!"

	Prowse shook his head, holding a hoof over her mouth.  "Best not to be barkin' up this tree, lassie."

	"Mmmmmffff!"

	"Alright... Okay!  Josho waved his forelimbs.  "The blood test, right?  Toss me a knife."

	"Just leave and don't come back."

	"Nuts to that!  Toss me a dagger!  I'll do the damned blood test—"

	A voice grumbled from the shadows, "I bet you would want to get ahold of something to gut them with, ya filthy creep."

	Josho spun around.  With a gasp, he levitated his shotgun by his side.

	Josho stood several feet away, already training his identical manaweapon.  As soon as the other obese stallion floated his shotgun, he looked at his double in shock.  "Oh, come the buck on!  How's that even possible?!"

	"You're not fooling anypony, bugjob!"  The first Josho exclaimed.  "I got here first!  Everypony saw it, freak!"

	"Oh, no."  The second rolled his eyes.  "We are not even remotely doing this crap!