"

	"Then let me have it!"  The first glared down the barrel of his boomstick.  "Splatter my bug guts all across the walls of this floating turdtropolis!"

	The second gnashed his teeth.  "Don't tempt me.  From this angle I'd hit Secchy and the others."

	"Hah!"  The first smiled devilishly.  "That's a cute trick!"

	"Well, I don't see what's holding you back!"

	"I have a better idea..." a voice crackled from further up the hall.  "Let us shoot you both."

	Both Joshos turned to look.  Streams of bright yellow mana flew across the dark corridor, consuming them both.  There was a stifled scream, followed by the splash of hot fluids across the wall.  Seclorum and Arcshod ducked for cover while the survivors inside the Hold gasped and fled with fright.

	Razzar and two other Lounge members stood, firingly wildly down the hall.

	"Dang it, no!  Stop!"  Rainbow Dash plowed them over from behind, knocking their weapons to the floor.  "Are you friggin' crazy?!"  She hovered up, gazing with horror down the corridor.  "Josho!"

	As the smoke cleared, Rainbow spotted a single black body, half-melted and leaking green juices everywhere.

	She felt the urge to vomit.  Just then—in a flash of bright light—Josho materialized behind her.

	"Unnngh..."  The obese stallion collapsed from the strain of his impromptu teleportation spell.  Rainbow did her best to support his weight as he panted for breath.  "Guh... I can sm-smell the damned thing's friggin' insides..."

	"Josho!  Are you okay?!  Speak to me!"

	"Ow..." He hissed, rubbing a bleeding shoulder that was scarred from where a manabeam grazed it.

	"Whew..."  Rainbow slumped across from him, her ears folded.  "I thought I'd just lost a flabby grumpy friend, buddy..."

	"You weren't alone..."

	"Which... uh... which of the two Joshos were you?"

	"I... uhm..."  Josho's brow furrowed while his face went pale.  "You know what?  I'm not all that sure anymore."  He pivoted his head and squinted at the cloaked figures helping Razzar up to his feet.  "Uhm... are you sure you're you, Rainbow Dash?"

	Snarling, Rainbow turned towards the Lounge.  "You!"  She flew forward, snarling straight into Razzar's mask.  "What in Celestia's name was that all about?!  You nearly killed my friend!"

	"In the time we would have wasted attempting to determine who was real from who was fake, we could instead have been—"

	"No, don't gimme any of that crap!"  Rainbow jabbed a hoof into his cloaked chest.  "You nearly turned my pal into a manasponge!"

	"Much like you harmed my crew back in the storm?"

	"Dude, you chased us with mana lasers!"  Rainbow barked.  "What the heck is this?!  I thought we were working together!"

	"And we most certainly are," Razzar said.  "And I am not about to let any shapeshifters complicate such an endeavor."

	"You want complications?!  I'll give you complications!"  Rainbow Dash shook a hoof.  "I'll send a complication right up your—"

	Seclorum cleared his throat loudly.

	Razzar and Rainbow looked into the Hold.

	Seclorum glared.  "Give us all one good reason not to fill your bodies with crossbolts."

	"Oh, for Pete's sake!"  Rainbow yanked the shoulder of a wincing Josho into view, pointing at the red blood trickling out.  "There!  Not a changeling!  You happy, now?!"

	"Partially..."  Seclorum motioned with his crossbow.  "As for the rest of you?"

	Before Rainbow Dash could open her mouth—

	"Gladly."  Razzar held up a fist, then gestured towards his cohorts.  "Brothers?"

	In synchronized motion, the six figures pulled their right gloves off, revealing rust-colored scales and yellow claws.  Without hesitation, they unsheathed tiny daggers from within their cloaks and sliced a tiny cut across their arms.  They held their hands up, revealing the dribbling red blood in the light of Josho's horn.

	Rainbow Dash blinked.  She turned to look into the Hold.

	The survivors' gaze fell on her.

	With a sigh, Rainbow pulled her saddlebag open and rummaged inside.  "I swear, at this rate, Belle and