 Eagle Eye are gonna think I've gone all depressed."  She pulled her trusty hatchet out, bit onto the handle with her teeth, and—wincing—made a tiny incisision across her forelimb.  Grunting slightly, she spat the blade back into her midnight satchel and held the bleeding wound up for the group to see.  "Voila.  Totally not Rainbug Dash."

	"Good..."  Aatxe shuffled up.  "Now you can start by telling us just who in the blazes these new characters are."

	"I would be glad to oblidge—" Razzar began.

	"No."  Aatxe pointed at Rainbow Dash.  "Let her speak.  We trust you slightly less than we do her at the moment."

	"Jee, how flattering," Rainbow muttered.  "Well, guys, you see, it's... like... this..."  Her eyes drifted to the side, reflecting the shuddering figure of a melancholic mare.  "...Props?"

	The engineer sniffled, avoiding Rainbow's gaze.  She bit her lip as she shivered at Prowse's side.

	"Props, what's the matter, girl?  Why are you so—?"  Rainbow stopped speaking.  Her ears instantly folded as her jaw fell agape.  A dry gulp, and she droned:  "What's happened?"

	A tear ran down Props' face. She looked up, muzzle all a'quiver.  "Rainbow Dash... I... I-I'm so sorry..."  She choked on a sob.  "There's nothing I-I could have done!  I-I would have fallen too!  Unky Prowsy—he saved me!  I wanted to dive after them... but... but..."

	"Where... where's Pilate?" Rainbow Dash asked.

	Props hissed through clenched teeth.  "He's dead, Dashie..."
		//------------------------------//
		// The Last Pegasus of Stratopolis		//------------------------------//

	Rainbow Dash stood in stunned silence, her muzzle pronouncing the cold, bitter word.

	Props sniffled, leaning her weight against her Uncle as she fought the urge to collapse.  "He was trying to comfort Elma... or what was left of Elma, when the floor fell apart beneath them."  Props pointed at the gaping holes howling with hurricane winds.  "It h-happened so suddenly.  It's a m-miracle that more of us weren't sucked out.  But... but..."

	"He fell?"  Rainbow stammered.  "During the brief fart in time while I was gone?!"  Her teeth showed as she spontaneously snarled.  "Are you kidding me?!"

	"Rainbow, I'm sorry, I—"

	"Somepony please tell me there was a temple or a platform beneath us at the time!" Rainbow rushed forward, voice cracking.  "Or Elma!  The.. th-the changeling had wings, didn't she?!  Maybe... j-just maybe she could have..."

	"It's as grim as it sounds, lassie," Prowse said as he kept a protective arm over the blonde mare's shoulder.  His head shook with a somber expression.  "Sure wish we could say otherwise."

	Panting, Rainbow stepped fearlessly before the gaping holes, gazing down into the pale, stormy mess.

	Josho shuffled over, swallowing a lump down his throat.  "Rainbow, I... I-I know this absolutely blows chunks, girl, but we've got to keep it together..."

	"Keep it together..."  The pegasus muttered.

	"We've been lucky not to have any of us drop dead ten times over until now.  But with all of the deadly weather and shape-shifting freakjobs around every corner—"

	"Josho, I can't even keep my friends together!"  Rainbow flashed a frown back at him.  "If I can't protect what's closest to me anymore, then what do I have left?!"

	"Pilate knew the risk by stepping out of the Noble Jury!"

	"And so did I!"  Rainbow shouted.  "But that doesn't change the fact that I owe him more!  That I owe Belle m-more!"

	"Will you quit the friggin' waltz of guilt while you're ahead?!" Josho barked.  "We're in the middle of a crisis and we can't afford to have you stumbling over something you couldn't have prevented!"

	"What, like a good soldier?!"  Rainbow spat.  "Josho, I never ever wanted to fight in any of your continent's stupid wars!  And yet violent crud and mayhem seems to follow me wherever I go!  How many friends will I lose before I finally do the smart thing and give up?!"  Grimacing, she spun towards the holes and spread her wings.

	Josho squinted.  "What the Hell are you doing?!"