

	"I have to find him."

	"Rainbow, he fell!"

	"Never stopped him from living before!"  She plunged into the hurricane winds.

	"Wait!" Seclorum shouted.

	Josho was already yanking her in place by a telekinetic tug to her tail.  "Rainbow, don't!"  Josho shouted.

	"Buck off!" Rainbow howled.  "He needs me—"

	"I need you!" Josho loudly retorted.  "Props and the rest of the ponies here do!  This place is a hellhole and only you have the edge to make any sense out of it!"

	"You tell that to Belle when we come back empty-hoofed!"

	"Rainbow, the Noble Jury is—"

	"Grnnngh!"  Rainbow wrenched her tail free, smacking Josho across the face.  The stallion fell back, losing his magical grip.  A clap of thunder rolled across the chamber as Rainbow Dash descended with the force of a meteorite, rocketing straight down into the heart of the storm.

	Props hung her tearful face while Prowse looked on.

	Across the way, Razzar adjusted the sleeves of his glowing suit.  "She's a creature who thinks with her heart.  A most peculiar trait."

	"Go sit on an iceberg and rotate," Josho grumbled, staring dully through the gaping crevices.



	Rainbow Dash flew wildly through the swirling mess of Stratopolis.  There were too many shards of granite flying through the howling maelstrom to make sense of.  Dangling bits of rock and mortar orbited the glowing obelisks in limp trajectories, losing bits and pieces of craggy sediment as the merciless winds chipped them gradually away.

	Hyperventilating, Rainbow flew through the chaotic debris field, shouting at the top of her lungs.

	"Pilate?!"

	Lightning flashed.  Thunder swallowed the exclamations from her howling mouth.

	Squinting into the wet sheets of rain, Rainbow Dash thrust her shoulder against the gales and flew haphazardly.

	"Nnnngh... Pilatttttte!"

	Temple pieces collided with each other, spraying ash and pebbles over her head like stray bullets.

	Palpitating harder and harder, Rainbow Dash zig-zagged her way around the shrapnel bits and continued her desperate cries.



	Pilate lay in a puddle, his back pelted relentlessly by drowning sheets of precipitation.  His muscles quivered as he fought for the strength to crawl forward.

	Just then, his ears twitched.

	Something melodic stood out against the raging thunder.  He made out two syllables, stabbing his heart into beating faster.

	He tilted his head up, ears twitching in the soaking rain.

	"Rainbow...?"

	More thunder.  Once more, the voice cried out, sounding more distant this time.

	"Rainbow!"  Pilate sputtered, then stood up straight on wobbly legs.  "Rainbowwww!"  Wincing, he galloped forward, blindly persuing the echoes of that warm voice.  "I'm here!  I'm over here!  Rainbow, I—"

	The zebra winced, skidding suddenly to a slippery stop.  He stood, panting, his head tilted to the side as he listened to the air in front of him.

	The sheets of rain weren't pitter-pattering just a few feet ahead.

	Nervously, Pilate squatted low and felt a hoof forward.  It ran across a slick surface, then plunged into open air.  He was less than two trots away from the precarious edge of the platform.

	Panicking, he fell back on his haunches and scooted away from the deathly plunge.  By the time the blood stopped throbbing in his ears, he realized the shouts of the pegasus had grown fainter, disappearing entirely.

	"Rainbow...?!"

	No reply.

	Pilate gnashed his teeth, stifled a growl, and ultimately hollered, "Rainbowwww!"



	"Mmmmffngh!"  Bruised and wincing, Eagle Eye leaned his shoulder against a granite column.  He sputtered rainwater from his muzzle, tossed his lavender mane back, and stared out from the platform he was on.

	The piece of temple that served as his perch was a sliver of its former glory.  It hovered at a precarious angle around an obelisk, constantly twirling about so that Eagle Eye had to scamper across its surface for even hoofing like an insect atop a rolling orange.  For the time being, he was in a safe position, at least