 until the platform rotated about once more.

	The motions of the granite structure were frighteningly fast, and Eagle found himself soaring past other large pieces of debris populating his particular pocket of Stratopolis.  While bits of rock collided loudly above and below him, he struggled to keep calm, taking the moment to survey his situation.

	It was then that he thought he spotted a familiar blue shape flying around the belly of the large round structure above.

	He gasped, stepping forward and leaning on his sword like it was a cane.  Squinting, his expert eyes spotted the tell-tale signs of blue feathers and a prismatic mane.  In a flash of thunder, Rainbow's figure darted from cloud to cloud, lost in the debris field of endlessly floating shards.

	Eagle Eye opened his mouth to shout—when he heard a different kind of thunder.  The air roared around him.  Nervously, he spun around and looked past the nearest column.

	A bronze hull soared by, along with the rain-slicked words spelling out "Noble Jury."

	"Hey!  Heeeeeeey!"  Eagle Eye scampered towards the edge and shouted, flickering his horn like a beacon.  "Guys!  Over here!  I'm here!  Hey!"

	It was too late.  The Noble Jury soared past him as swiftly as it had appeared.  It spiraled along its grand, clockwise arc, trailing the edge of the swirling storm.

	Eagle Eye slumped against a column, his ears folded as he murmured into the moist air.  "Ebon..."

	The stallion sniffled, closing his eyes for a sad, contemplative moment.  Then, eyes opened, he glared into the swirling mess.  His head tilted up, and he saw what looked to be a peculiar pattern of rocks floating directly overhead, leading upwards towards a lofty temple that was mostly intact.  In a way, the shards vaguely resembled stepping stones.

	With a deep breath, Eagle Eye gripped the hilt of his sword in his teeth and climbed the nearest column of his platform with determined hooves.



	"The Tarkington?" Razzar remarked.

	"Yes," Aatxe said with a nod.  "It's a sturdy vessel, capable of carrying a crew of one hundred and fifty.  It's more than enough to handle the survivors we've got held up here... or... well..."  The stallion sighed, slumping against a brick wall of the hold.  "It once was."

	"How do you mean?"

	"The last time I set hoof upon the deck of my ship was nearly two decades ago," the stallion murmured.  "At the time, all it was missing was an active engine core.  But it's been so long.  Who's to know if it's still operational... or even in one piece?"

	Razzar glanced at his fellow cohorts through his mask.  He turned back towards the stallion.  "During the flight from our ship to this building, we spotted a large vessel with a dark blue hull stranded on a lower temple."

	Aatxe's ears twitched as he looked up with a gaping expression.  "With copper lateral fins and a steel-reinforced cockpit?"

	"Indeed."

	"Then..."  Aatxe's eyes glistened as he stood up straight.  "Then it survived the calamity j-just now!  It m-may still be able to fly!"  He grinned wide.

	Razzar tilted his head.  "You seem extraordinarily ecstatic..."

	"He has reason to be," Seclorum said as he shuffled up.  "The Tarkington has been our silver bullet for a long time now."

	Arcshod nodded.  "Fesa'lanna creminium le'saranna kyo'taarkan."

	"What is this that the Xonan speaks of?" Razzar asked.

	Seclorum glanced at the furthest edge of the compartment where Lasairfion sat with her closest subjects.  "The Queen's ponies are adept at detecting energy sources.  Believe it or not, Xonans are about more than tattoos and fancy tongues.  They're natural born mana-sniffers."

	Arcshod frowned.  "Ranna'krenmar, Ledomulien trent'erm..."

	"You're welcome."  Seclorum faced Razzar again.  "Their Queen in particular has sensed an energy beacon in the heart of this building."

	"And energy beacon..."

	"They think it's some form of mana crystal... but unlike any of the kind crafted and used by Ledomare or Xona."  Seclorum gulped.  "Something more potent... more pow