erful."

	"The Tarkington was built to run off of mana-crystal energy," Aatxe said.  "If there's something like it inside this structure, then it could conceivably refuel my ship and give us all an avenue of escape."

	"It would have to be a sizable energy source indeed to allow you to pierce the winds of this place," Razzar said.

	"That's what we're hoping," Aatxe said.  "But we won't have any real idea until we get our hooves on the energy source."

	"What's kept you from doing so?" Razzar asked.  "The shape-shifters?"

	"To some extent, yes.  However..."  Aatxe fumbled for words.

	"What is it?"

	Seclorum sighed.  "There's a barrier... a closed door to the inner recesses of this building."

	"Meaning...?"

	"So long as it's in the way, we can't enter the innermost chambers of this structure.  We always felt it was a hopeless cause."  The Ledomaritan officer glanced once more in Lasairfion's direction.  "However, if we had a key of sorts to gain access to what's inside—"

	With a rush of air and rainwater, Rainbow's blue figure darted back up the hole and planted wetly on the chamber floor.  Various survivors gasped while a few of them nervously picked up their crossbows, training it on the pegasus.

	"Dashie!"  Props exhaled from Prowse's side.

	Rainbow said nothing, glaring ahead into the firelight.

	"Rainbow..."  Josho sat up from where he was sitting against a pile of rubble.  "Did... uhm..."  He fidgeted, his face grimacing apologeticlaly.  "Did you...?"

	She strolled past him on heavy hooves.

	"Hey..."  Seclorum looked her way.  "Hey!" He frowned.  "Are you forgetting something?"

	Rainbow kept marching.

	Aatxe nervously bit his lip.  Arcshod and Seclorum rushed over, levitating their crossbows as they blocked the pegasus' path.

	"Not one more step until you—" Seclorum started.

	"Rrrrghh!"  Rainbow Dash suddenly had the graying stallion shoved against a wall.  She shoved the still-fresh wound of her forelimb into his face.  "See?!  Still bleeding, jerkwad!  Give it a lick if you doubt me!"

	Seclorum sputtered, frowning.  "We've been in this mess longer than you, lady.  The least you can do is show a little respect—"

	"For what?!"  Rainbow snarled.  "You think you're actually in charge here?!  What can you do to get these ponies out of this mess?!  What have you done?!"  She dropped the stallion with a grunt and shook the moisture off her shoulders.  "You want off this rock and someplace safe?!  Then take a long look!  I'm the one real thing to swing by this place since Commander Hurricane died!  Rainbow Dash—the last pegasus of Stratopolis!"  Grunting, she tossed her mane and trotted towards the far corner of the place.  "Take it or leave it, folks."

	Everypony watched as she stormed off.

	Seclorum hobbled back onto his hooves, assisted by Arcshod and Aatxe.

	"Uhm..."  Aatxe bit his lip.  "Somepony should... uh... pr-probably keep an eye on her."

	"Dreit."

	Before Seclorum could open his mouth again—
	
	"Give it a rest, Secchy," Josho muttered, then shuffled tiredly after the pegasus at a distance.  "She's my pal.  I've got it covered."

	Seclorum was quiet.  Props and Prowse hung their heads while the Lounge watched on in silence.



	Rainbow Dash rounded a corner on her lonesome.  Once she was beyond the glow of the hold's torchlight, she shuffled to a stop, heaving with deep breaths.

	Her face contorted into a frown. Swiveling about, she planted her hooves against a dusty brick wall.  Her eyes clenched shut as her body rocked back and forth.  Stifling an inward grunt, she tapped her forehead against the brick... then slapped it... then headbutted the wall several times with hissing squeaks of pain and frustration.

	Suddenly, she stopped, her body wracked with shivers.  Rainbow's face quivered, melting into a perpetual grimace as sniffling breaths fountained from her nostrils.  She heaved, heaved again, and slumped down to her knees, bracing herself against the wall as tears trickled down her face.  She curled her foreli