ture.  "For all of the skins and scales that they can mimic, it takes surprisingly little force to squeeze something out of them."

	"Squeeze something out of them?"  Josho turned to look at the quivering creature once again.  "Secchy, were you torturing this friggin' bug thing?"

	"Information is priceless on the battlefield, old friend," Seclorum replied, pacing towards the corner.  "Don't pretend in all your years of defending the Queen's interest that you never drove the spurs in."

	"I've killed soldiers and set fires to camps left and right—but I've never resorted to torture!"  Josho frowned.  "That's Council of Ledo bullcrap right there!"

	"Oh please, Josho."  Seclorum turned to glare at him.  "You've set fire to more than just enemy encampments.  Don't try to deny it."

	Josho gnashed his teeth, but ultimately bowed his head in a defeated pose.

	Rainbow Dash saw it.  Blinking, she swiveled her gaping expression towards Seclorum.  "What I don't understand is how—?"

	"It was one of the drones delivering us food," Aatxe said, squirming slightly.  He still refused to look at the creature.  "Arcshod and Seclorum laid an ambush for them.  Most got away, but not this one.  Trapped, it flew itself towards the torches—presumably to end its own life.  We bound it up before it could.  I thought it would end there.  But... well... for what it's worth, I was one of the few ponies who voted against..."  He gestured blindly towards the corner.  "...this."

	"Well, why don't you tell me?!  Cuz I'm all ears!"  Rainbow frowned.  "Just what is this worth?!"

	"It's simple," Seclorum said.  "The monster's connection with the shapeshifter's hive mind gave us a window into what they knew, including some of the things they were planning."

	"The Xonans' Princess sensed a magical energy source inside the heart of this building," Aatxe added.  "This changeling revealed that its shapeshifting brood knows about this.  In fact, they knew about it for a long, long time before ever making a 'nest' in this city."

	"That's about the most pertinent information we got out of the creep," Seclorum said.  He swiveled around with a frown.  "Until it decided to disconnect itself from the hive mind!"  He gave the thing a nasty buck across the head.  Thud!

	"Hey!"  Rainbow Dash jerked forward, shoving Seclorum back.  "Cut it out!"

	"Please..."  Seclorum hissed.  "Don't defend this creature!  It feels nothing!  It consumes emotion!"  He snarled at the quivering thing's shell.  "All this rambling nonsense about 'love' and 'pain' and 'mother.'  It's like a spoiled infant begging for milk.  It's an animal... and a very unclever one at that, at least when stripped of the ability to leech from innocent ponies!"

	"Animal or not, think rationally for a dang second!  I mean, don't you guys get it?!"  Rainbow frowned.  "Stab and prod a living thing all you like.  Of course it's going to tell you what you want to hear!  You think somepony's going to do or say something truthful when all it wants is for the pain to stop?!"

	"It's given us invaluable information months before you or Prowse even came here," Seclorum said.  "We know that the changelings are waiting for something special... or somepony.  Somehow, I'm beginning to imagine it's you."

	"Don't drag me into this garbage!"  Rainbow snarled.  "All you know is all that you've bled from this friggin' guy through brute force!  You think that's anything to actually go by?"  Her eyes narrowed.  "Has it ever occurred to you that the head of the hive mind expected for its drones to get caught?  It could have planted disinformation, dude!"

	Aatxe spoke up, "But many of the things this drone has said coincide with what the Xonans have been sensing about this temple—"

	"And you think that's suppose to excuse this?!"  Rainbow frowned.  "I'm sorry, but when I butt heads with a bad guy, I like to make sure I'm the good guy, inside and out!"  She glared at Seclorum.  "And ruthlessly torturing a creature isn't what I call being a good guy."  She swung that glare back at