 Aatxe.  "And just standing aside and letting it happen ain't much better either!"

	Aatxe winced.  Seclorum, however, kept glaring.  "I know that you're not thinking very reasonably right now.  Honestly, I can't blame you for your hysterics—"

	Rainbow rolled her eyes.  "Oh, come the buck on—!"

	"You've just lost a close friend of yours," Seclorum droned.  "Maybe more.  Hell, maybe all of them."  His eyes narrowed.  "Would you honestly stand by and let disaster befall more innocent ponies just because you had a moral qualm that you couldn't cross over?"

	"Dude, don't even go there," Rainbow practically hissed.  "I crawl out of Loyalty's friggin' womb every morning.  This pegasus is not about to be lectured on what it means to do the heroic thing."

	"Then neither do I expect to be set aflame for taking the measures required of me in this crisis situation."  Seclorum trotted forward, speaking almost into her ear.  "Think of it this way.  They've kidnapped us, stolen our identities, and left us all here to rot while going off to infiltrate the innermost circles of our families, friendships, and comrades."  He frowned.  "Do you honestly think that something like torture is beneath them too?"

	Rainbow's jaw remained clenched.

	Seclorum took a deep breath.  "We need to have a talk with you—the whole of us, those masked figures as well—about how we're going to get out of this nightmare.  In the meantime, if you think you can learn anything from this wretch through means that doesn't mean exacting the same cruelty to them that they've dealt to us... then be my guest.  Just don't come whining to me when it doesn't work."  He shuffled off, tapping Aatxe's shoulder along the way.

	Aatxe flinched, but nevertheless sighed and shuffled after Seclorum.

	Rainbow Dash and Josho stood alone in the corridor, being serenaded by the changeling's soft sobs.

	"I swear to Celestia," Rainbow Dash uttered.  "The further I fly from home, the uglier it gets."

	Josho was silent.

	Rainbow craned her neck in an attempt to read his expression.  "Well?  Big guy?  What are you thinking about all of this?"

	He shifted uncomfortably.  "I think..."  He glanced up at her.  "...that nopony's going to weep for this once it's full bled out."

	Rainbow's ears folded back.  "Oh, Josho, come on!"

	"Rainbow Dash, I'm upset concerning Prowse's double, I'm confused about Elma, I'm friggin' mad over Pilate.  But that doesn't change the fact that there are ponies here who need to get home and you're the first pegasus to mean a damn thing to this stupid place."  The stallion shrugged.  "Secchy's right, y'know.  I've done horrible... horrible things to stay alive.  But at least I'm alive."

	"Josho, you know that's not all that I have going for me," Rainbow muttered towards the walls.

	Josho trotted over and rested a hoof on her shoulder.  "Well here's something you still have.  The Noble Jury's in one piece."

	Rainbow's face jerked up to look at him.

	Josho nodded.  "I saw it while on my way here.  I wanted to tell you earlier before you went searching in vain for Pilate."  He stepped back, staring softy at her.  "Our friends are alive, Rainbow Dash, and they need us.  More importantly, we all need you, because—like it or not—you mean something to this place, and this place means something to you."  He glanced at the changeling, then back at her.  "Once you've figured it out, let me know.  I'm off to learn what I can from Secchy and the rest."

	That said, he shuffled off, leaving Rainbow Dash alone with the torchlight and tears.
		//------------------------------//
		// In Love at First Sight		//------------------------------//

	Pilate trotted through the storm.  Slick rivulets of rain cascaded down his striped coat.  He teetered dizzily left and right, stretching a hoof forward to feel for any breaks in the platform.

	He tripped multiple times, but it wasn't until ten paces forward that he slipped hard enough to fall chest-first against the granite.  "Ooof!"  He winced, his muzzle grimacing under 