a dull plate of runes.  He bent his aching limbs in an effort to shuffle forward, but collapsed again with an exhausted sigh.

	On the verge of tears, the zebra lay there, curling his legs up as his body lingered in the puddle while hurricane winds howled overhead.



	On a faraway platform, Bellesmith trotted through heavier winds, bracing Eagle Eye's shield ahead of her in order to force her way through the gales.  She struggled up a slanted crevice formed from when the temple collided with another platform.

	At last, through trial and error, she forced her way beneath a half-collapsed overhang being supported by cracked columns.  Once free of the howling winds, Belle plunged forward, pratfalling onto the floor with a stifled yelp.  Eagle Eye's shield clattered, rattling to a stop, echoing in her ears with metallic reverberations.

	She winced from the noise.  However, as the rattling faded, she heard something softer, gentler taking its place.  Curious, she squinted one chestnut eye open, then the other.  She blinked, her muzzle hanging agape.

	A figure lay in open view several feet away, clinging to the bottom ridges of an ancient marble colum.  The sheets of rain beyond gave the tiny thing a shivering silhouette, like a swatted fly dying against a window pane.

	Belle blinked, her eyes narrowing.  Cautiously she reached over and slid the shield back into the crook of her hoof.  She shuffled towards the figure on three legs, approaching with caution.

	The closer she got, the more pronounced the sobs became.  Belle saw a figure in constant flux, its limbs expanding and contracting every other second.  A black exoskeleton gave way to a solid shell.  Scales appeared before vanishing once more into a glossy obsidian.  In bursts of green flame, dragonfly wings spread and then shrank from sight.  All the while, the only constant thing was a deep cut that lingered across the back/shell of the creature, leaking with green slime.

	Breathless, Bellesmith stood above the shape-shifting creature, her eyes turning glossy with shock.  "...Elma?"

	A beak appeared on the mouth of the thing, replaced swiftly by fangs.  Tears evaporated into emerald smoke, and all the creature could do was stammer, "My children... my precious children..."  She curled up, her reptilian/equine legs fluctuating beneath her.  "Home... I-I want to go h-home..."  A hissing breath, followed by a moan.  "I can't... I-I just can't... oh my little d-darlings..."

	Belle's face grimaced.  "Oh Spark..."  She seethed, her eyes lingering on the grotesque contours of the pained beast.  She nevertheless shuffled forward, clenching her jaw tight.  Finally, she sat directly beside the creature.  Her gaze fell upon a vulnerable spot in its neck.  Bellesmith's hooves gripped the shield tighter, angling its blunt end downwards.  Sucking her breath in, Belle turned her head away and slowly began raising the bludgeon up... up...

	"Mmmmfnngh... b-beloved..." the changeling spat.

	Bellesmith froze in place, her eyes widening.  She peaked at the monster from around the raised shield.

	"I... I love..."  It sputtered, sobbed.  Its head turned towards the ceiling as stripes formed across its exoskelton.  Clear eyes twitched beneath a runic plate.  "He loves... he loves you so much..."  Fanged teeth appeared beneath the dark muzzle, then vanished again.  "That's why... th-that's why I saved him..."

	Belle's lips parted.  "Saved... h-him...?"

	"I could not let him perish..."  It a burst of flame, the zebra's face disappeared, replaced by the wretching changeling as it buried its face into its porous forelimbs.  "I had to b-be sure... I had to know that somepony's love was real!"

	Bellesmith stared, panting in stunned silence.  The changeling spoke, and she listened.



	"Pilate!" Props screamed, lunging forward.

	It was too late.  The stallion plummeted from the base of the large building.  Blindly, the breathless zebra spun and spiraled.  His legs kicked at the air as the wind carried him aloft, flinging him towards the temples e