sest friends, including me... and n-now you.  Please, Your Highness, don't take it the wrong way.  She still loves you and everypony back in Equestria.  I'm certain of it."

	"Uhm..."  Ebon shuffled to a stop and politely cleared his throat.  "I.. I-I apologize for interrupting, but..."

	Eagle Eye turned and looked over his shoulder.  He smiled gently.  "Heya, Ebon.  Chilly night, isn't it?"

	"Oh, sure.  Makes you wonder why a stallion's standing out here on his lonesome... talking to the snow."  He squinted.  "Just... who are you talking to, anyways?"

	"Oh... uhm..."  Eagle Eye bit his lip and fidgeted where he stood.  "Princess Luna."

	"Really?"

	"Well... kind of, sort of."

	"Cuz I thought... well..."  Ebon glanced towards the crawlspace at the open cockpit.  "Don't you need the pendant around Rainbow's neck to open communication?"

	"I just figured that maybe there's enough enchantment in the moonlight itself for her to hear me, you know?"  Eagle Eye smiled softly.  "It's the first full moon in a month, after all."

	"Rainbow didn't let you get a word in when it was her turn to talk?"

	Eagle winced openly.

	With a blink, Ebon grimaced.  "She... she did talk with Luna, didn't she?"

	"I... I don't think so, Ebon."

	"But... but th-that's crazy!"  Ebon stammered, pretending to glare daggers through the top deck of the Jury.  "Doesn't she have tons of ponies waiting at home to hear what happens to her?!  They'll think that she's dead or something!"

	"Would that be any further from the truth?"

	Ebon opened his mouth, lingered, then sighed.  "Eagle Eye..."

	"I can't undo the decisions that Rainbow Dash makes—even the stupid ones."  Eagle Eye gazed back at the lunar glow in the sky.  "That's why I'm hoping there's a chance Luna can hear me enough as it is."

	Ebon shuffled towards him.  "That's... uh... that's kind of a stretch, don't you think?"

	"Mmmm... not really."  Eagle gazed at Ebon with a warm smile.  "Haven't you ever wanted to reach someone you care about so much that you'll say anything to them, even if you know they may never receive your words?"

	Ebon instantly paled.  His ears folded back as he hung his head.

	"Hey..."  Eagle placed a hoof on his shoulder.  "Don't look sad.  We've all been there."

	Ebon gulped, murmuring with a wilted voice, "Really...?"

	"Sure.  I'm willing to bet even Luna's been there too.  That's why I'm trying to get my words to her.  Who knows—maybe Rainbow's pendant being so close by will let her at least hear us, even if we can't hear her.  I'd rest better knowing she wasn't so worried about Rainbow's situation."

	"If she found out, wouldn't she have a reason to be?"

	"Not everything is horrible, Ebon," Eagle Eye said with a soft smile.  "You're here, aren't you?"

	"Uhhhh..."

	"Princess Luna, I want you to meet Ebon."  Eagle pulled Ebon closer with a side hug, smiling up at the moon.  "You've met him before, but not like this.  Ebon's my bestest best friend on the whole Jury—and in the whole world, for that matter!"

	Ebon blinked, his muzzle hanging open.  "Best... fr-friend?"  His burgundy cheeks reddened slightly.  "But I thought Josho—"

	"So now I have a stallion who's like a father to me, a mare who's like a mother to me, a mare who's like a sister..."  Eagle Eye winked aside.  "And a darn good cook who makes me smile and feel full."

	"Heh... eheheh..."  Ebon Mane nodded with an awkward smile.  "Yeah, I guess I do do that, don't I?"

	"Pssst..." Eagle leaned in, whispering.  "Don't tell me, tell her!"

	"Oh?  OH!  Ahem..."  Ebon shivered a bit.  Blaming it on the cold, he nevertheless leaned in and tilted his muzzle towards the moon.  "Uhhh... hello, Princess Looney."

	"Luna."

	"Right.  Luna.  Uhm... it's nice to speak with you again.  I dunno if you can really hear us like EE's saying, but the truth is he's totally right about Rainbow.  She could use some help.  I mean, we're her friends n'all, but I don't think she's going to listen to us much.  What she needs to hear from is you.  