xploding throughout the depths of Stratopolis...

	Seconds before he could be smashed to a pulp, a pair of black forelimbs gripped his shoulders.

	Pilate gasped, sputtering rain water out his muzzle.  Above him, a wincing, bleeding changeling flew on intinctive dragonfly wings, carrying the stallion towards the first platform within sight.  Dropping him without ceremony, the thing that was once Elma stumbled across the rain-slicked granite, quivered in distress, then took off in a dark blur, leaving the surviving zebra behind.



	Belle fell back on her haunches, exhaling with a squeaky tone.

	"I know now that love is all th-that matters..."  The changeling whimpered.  "But it's not for me.  It's not for an imposter... a monster..."  She nuzzled the granite floor of the temple, exhaling vaporous breaths of green smoke.  "Geughhh... don't deserve... d-don't deserve to live... to t-take the name and b-body of my children's mother... Elma's children... oh blessed heavens what am I?"  She fell into a fit of uncontrollable wailing.

	Bellesmith wasn't paying attention to her anymore.  Her eyes were elsewhere.  Her mind was elsewhere.  Her chest rose and fell with increasingly heavy breaths.  Her pupils shrank as she ran a hoof over her quivering mouth.



	Slowly, with quiet spasms, Pilate tilted his head up.  He faced the pelting rain, his ears perking up straight, as if hearing something from beyond the wind.

	With an inward groan, he sat up, wiping the moisture off his muzzle as he panted into the constant drizzle.

	"Bellesmith..."

	He gritted his teeth while his face flexed vulnerably.  His blind eyes twitched.



	"Doctor Bellesmith...?"

	"Shhhh.  I'm activating the manasphere now, Pilate."

	"How will I know if it's working?"

	"Heehee... trust me.  You'll know."  A slight whining noise.  "Okay... and... brace yourself..."

	Flash!  The choker around the zebra's neck pulsed brightly.

	The stallion gasped, sitting up straight in his hospital bed.  The runes across his skull flickered one after another.  His gray eyes blinked several times and darted around.

	"Shhhhh-shhhh..."  A yellow hoof graced his shoulder, then his chin.  "Not with your eyes, but with your mind."

	"My... m-my mind?"

	"Yes.  No doubt you have a brilliant one."

	"But... but how...?"

	"We've talked about this.  Simply... push your consciousness towards the sound of my voice."

	"Push... my consciousness..."

	"That's right."

	Pilate bit his lip.  His face tensed.  A few seconds later, the sphere positioned against his choker unhitched itself and floated forward.  The ball twirled left and right, flickering a bright beam everywhere.  "Enngh..."  He winced.

	"Slowly... concentrate..."

	"It's... it's just so much..."

	"My voice, Pilate.  Remember?"

	"Right..."  He took steadier breaths, and in slow order the O.A.S.I.S. sphere drifted towards the side of the bed.  It bumped into a mare's chest.  "Whoops," he murmured.

	"Heehee... It's okay.  Now, have a look.  Hmmm?"

	Pilate sat perfectly still while the runes on his forehead's plate pulsed back and forth.  The floating sphere levitated perfectly in place, then proceeded to scan the mare sitting next to his bed.

	"I... I'm seeing..."  Pilate thought aloud, his face awash in awe.  "I'm feeling..."

	"Good... good..."

	"A fuzzy coat... a chin... a muzzle..."  He slowly smiled.  "Long, flowing mane.  Doctor, it's working!"

	"Hmmmmm..."  Belle's lips smiled once the light beam crossed over it.  "I do believe we have a breakthrough."

	"I'll say!"  Joyous, Pilate sat up further, twirling the O.A.S.I.S. sphere around with his mind.  "I see the bedframe... a cabinet... the lab equipment.  Doctor, I sense the whole room!"

	"Easy, now."  Belle patted his shoulder.  "It was only built for close-range.  Don't overload the neural connections."

	"I-I can even read the medical report on the table here!"  Pilate practically giggled like a young colt.  "It has today's date and everything!  Oh, Doctor, it's a miracle!"  He