 swung the sphere towards her again.  "You're a miracle worker—"  His muzzle hung open in mid sentence and his ears folded back.

	Belle sat still, smiling gently.  The manasphere's light had cascaded over her forehead, illuminating the contours of a stubby horn wrapped under tight bandages.

	Pilate's lips quivered.  "You... you're..."  His sphere floated over the empty bed behind her then back to where the mare sat on the stool by his side.  "You're a patient here?"

	"That I am, Pilate."

	"But... but how... why?"  He sucked in his breath.  The manasphere almost collapsed, forcing Belle to catch it.  "The zeppelin crash.  At Mountainfall."  He grimaced.  "You... you were h-hurt, weren't you?"

	A warm pair of hooves placed the sphere back into place against his choker, then gently took his forelimbs in hers.  "I was blessed, Pilate.  I was fortunate enough to utilize my talents in ways I never had the opportunity to do before."

	"But... h-how can you say that?!"  He shivered, gnashing his teeth.  "All th-this time!  You were just as hurt as me!"

	"I've not been blinded, Pilate—"

	"Doctor, your horn!  I..."  He grimaced.  "I'm sorry... I-I'm so sorry!  If I had known..."

	"Shhhh..."  Belle stroked his hooves.  "Don't be sorry.  You've given me something very special, Pilate."

	He gulped.  "And what in Spark's name is that?"

	"Hope," she said softly, though her voice shook somewhat.  A sniffling sound.  "And faith that I still had something to accomplish."  She chuckled slightly and squeezed his hooves again.  "You are that proof, Pilate.  My life has plenty of experiments left, thanks to you."

	The stallion shuddered, tilting his head towards the bed as he focused on the feel of their hooves touching.

	"Now... think you're up for some more testing?"  Belle smiled.  "Soon, I should be able to teach you how to sense even the tiniest fractures in a solid surface."

	"Uhm... sure..."  He nodded, all the while bearing a crooked grin.  "Though, to be honest, your gorgeous face is a hard act to follow..."

	Belle blinked, then snickered.  "Why, thank you.  Y'know, you're not too shabby yourself, handsome."

	"Heheh..."  The stallion's stripes turned a little rosy.  "Much oblidged, Doctor."

	"Please..."  She patted his hooves lightly.  "Call me 'Belle.'"



	A tear rolled down her face.  She hunched over, clutching a pair of hooves over her quivering muzzle.  After several dry heaves, she mewled into the misty air.  "Pilate... my beloved..."  She gritted her teeth hard.  At last, she looked up, staring at the changeling through blurred vision.

	The shapeshifter was standing up on wobbly hooves.  Its turtle shell disappeared long enough for it to spread its dragon wings into the random gusts of wind.  Suddenly, a pair of yellow forelimbs wrapped around its petite shell.  The changeling gasped and struggled, falling back into Belle's embrace.  "Guhhh!  Don't... d-don't!  Let me go!"  It shrieked in and out of multiple voices, its eyes flickering with emerald flame.  "I'm a monster!"

	"No."  Belle held on tight.

	"Stop it!  I'll only... only h-hurt—"

	"I'm not going to leave you, Elma," Belle said, anchoring the creature in place.  She nuzzled the back of its skull.  "I'm going to get us out of here.  Do you hear me?"

	"But..."

	"The two of us!"

	"I'm nothing!" the thing shrieked, fighting to slither out of the mare's grasp.  "They tr-tricked me!  I'm not Elma Boreal—"

	"Yes you are!"

	"The mother from Alafreo is dead—!"

	"All I know is that the friend I made on the Noble Jury... the soul who reached out to me and saved my beloved from death is right here in my hooves."  Belle nuzzled her again, sniffling.  "And she is real, and I am not about to abandon her when she needs me!  I'm going to get you out of here, Elma.  And you're going to live your own life... a life where you get to be who you want to be and enjoy what you deserve to enjoy."

	"Don't..."  The changeling wept, laying limp in the mare's embrace.  "Please, don't..."  With flashe