s of green energy, stripes appeared and disappeared across her body.  "You have n-no idea.  The love.  It hurts.  I'm so confused and all the love does is hurt."

	"I know," Belle said.  She sniffled and clenched her tear-stained jaw.  "And I'm sorry.  But I'm not going to let you die out here.  I'm not going to let you give up."  She turned the limp creature around and stared into its face.  "We must never give up.  Do you understand me?"

	The creature stared at her, its eyes round and its shell rattling.  "Do you?"

	"I'm starting to..."  Belle gave a bittersweet smile.  "Thanks to you."

	The shape-shifter blinked.  Its body stayed the same, but its eyes formed soft reptilian slits.

	Belle took a deep breath.  "Can you walk?"

	"I..."  Elma gulped, trembling.  "I c-can fly, but the rest of me feels... f-feels so weak... I... I c-can't even stay in one shape..."

	"Then don't try," Bellesmith said.  "And rest your wings."  She heaved the shapeshifter onto her backside with a slight grunt.  "Can you grab ahold?"

	"Y-yes..."

	"Good.  Stick close to me."  Belle picked up the shield and used it as a crutch as she carried the two of them towards a careening granite staircase, ascending to the next level.  "One way or another, we're going to find our way to the rest of the Jurists."

	"And th-then what?"

	"Let me worry about that.  I'm good at thinking on my hooves."

	"Really...?"

	Belle smirked devilishly into the wind and rain.  "You haven't seen me when I'm stupid."



	Pilate stared blankly into the chaotic depths of Stratopolis.  His breaths grew longer, fuller.  His nostrils flared and flared again.  At last, he stood straight up, impervious to the pelting rain.

	"This is nothing..."  He trudged fearlessly forward, grunting in anger more than discomfort.  "All of this is nothing!"

	He marched with heavy hooves.  As soon as he felt a break in the rain, he galloped forward a few steps, relishing in having discovered an interior portion of the floating temple he was on.

	"We will find each other," he snarled, he roared.  "Blindness be damned.  I've fallen from greater heights and lived."  He felt his way forward, finding a hallway that he swiftly navigated, shuffling across the fractured granite wall leaking with precipitous moisture.  "The Noble Jury has no hope of finding me... because—by Spark—I'm going to find it first."

	As Pilate shuffled bravely on, he was oblivious to the sheets of rain cascading outside... along with the dark shadow positioned against the waterfall, standing dead-still, watching him silently from afar.


		//------------------------------//
		// Back to the Boring Scenes		//------------------------------//

	With a jerk of his teeth, Prowse pulled the tarp off a complex rigging, in the center of which lay a complex mechanical prosthetic in the gradual stages of being contructed.  "Feast your eyes, lassie.  The latest and greatest from your Unky Prowsy."  Nevertheless, the stallion sighed, leaning against a wall.  "Ach, if only it was a mighty bit prettier for all my troubles..."

	"I think it looks just fine," she said, trotting towards it with a soft smile.  Firelight glittered off her goggles as she slid them higher over her blonde bangs, giving the apparatus a natural look-over.  "And a pretty smexy accomplishment for a stallion with three hooves!"

	"Yes, well, I could have gotten further with it."  Prowse rolled his eyes and glared towards the bricklaid walls.  "Only, I've been a wee bit distracted as of late."

	"Jee, I wonder why."

	"Between the Xonan chatter and Seclorum's incessant beehive mouth, I've been having to juggle my own noggin for fear of my brain running away if I just leave it still."

	"You certainly landed yourself with a bunch of cookie creeps!"

	"Eh, they're not all bad, lass," Prowse said.  "Aatxe has a heart of gold, the poor sod.  And the Queen of them tattooed noseblowers is a sight for sore eyes.  Still, as long as I lay in this damnable prison, the only pony I could think of was you."

	"Awwwwwww