ww..."  Props cooed, then smiled.  "For what it's worth, I'm glad that I've gotten two chances to be with you again, even if one of them turned out to be a total fluke that put the entirety of my team in jeopardy."

	"Erm... yeah..."  Prowse winced.  "I'm so sorry for that, lil' darlin'.  If I had known that things would end up like this, I'd have jumped over the bloomin' side of Gray Smoke."

	"Uhm..."  Props' ears drooped as she sighed into the shadows.  "Please, don't put it that way, Unky Prowsy."  She gulped.  "I've had all I can take of ponies close to me jumping to their deaths."

	Prowse bit his lip.

	Props gazed at the half-finished prosthetic again.  "What's with the hollow manachamber?"

	"I ran out of manacrystal actuators to complete the working model," he said.  "I had hoped we'd stumble upon some derelict ships with working shards for me to fill in the grooves between pneumatic stabilizers—"

	"Hee-hee-hee!  Are you silly?"  Props stuck her tongue out.  "You've got enough crystals in here to make it work!  All you gotta do is form a Ledomaritan Helix pattern!"

	"Ledomaritan... what?!"

	"Something I learned while I was cooped up in this boring place called 'Nightshade Industries!'"  Props grinned from ear to ear as she fished her hooves into the stallion's prosthetic and began fumbling around with the inner pieces.  "This super smart duderooni named Jasper Clark taught me all about them!  We designed a killer augment to a skystone ship, and I was lucky enough to find that very same aircraft and fly it around!"

	"Well, look at you..."  Prowse smiled.  "Gettin' smarter by the hour, lil' lassie, I swear.  You're just like your Mum."

	Props bit her lip, blushing slightly.  "Yeah, well, Mom was the Sootiest of the Sooters.  I can't get her grit out of my blood, or her hugs out of my skin."

	"She'd be proud of how well you've managed for yourself," Prowse said with a smirk.  "Spark knows I am."

	Props sniffled, then cleared her throat.  With a determined smirk, the mare said, "Don't be proud of me yet, Silly Unky!  With a bit of tweaking, I'll get this fourth leg of yours working in no time!"

	"I'm much oblidged, lassie."

	"And then we'll get you and your friends out of here so you can live your life, start dating again, and work on your fifth leg."

	"Hah!"  Prowse cackled towards the ceiling and gave his niece a swat on the shoulder.  "Now there's the Propsicle I know!  Go for the gold, ya grease monkey!"

	"Heehee!  I'll go with the grease—but not so much the poop flinging!"

	"Goddess, I've missed ya."

	"Heh..."  Props grinned and licked her lips in the firelight while she sweated over the metal limb.  "I've missed me too."



	"Hello again, old friend," Seclorum muttered from where he sat in a corner of the hold, piecing together and reparing a worn-in crossbow.  "Come to nibble a bit more on my neck after biting my head off?"

	"I'm a bit full at the moment," Josho said as he shuffled up.  "Things have been rather crazy, and—as odd as it may seem—we appear to be having a lull at the moment."

	"So...?"

	"Well, slit my throat for trying, but I figured you and I could catch up a bit."

	"What's to catch up to?" Seclorum remarked.  "You're screwed.  I'm screwed.  Nopony is happy.  We all want to get out of here."  He grunted.  "Feels like just any other moment of the same ol' war."

	"Only that war is over, buddy," Josho said.

	"Heh.  Maybe outside, it is," Seclorum uttered with a bitter smirk.  "But in here?  The battle wages on.  So long as my identity is not mine, I don't see how I can afford to rest.  Hell, I don't deserve rest."

	"Secchy, war is all you and I have ever known," Josho said with eyes squinting.  "I'd say it's what dayum well defined our friendship.  But it doesn't have to be that way forever.  We can move on.  Hell, you can move on."

	"I don't see what the point is."

	"There's gotta be a tomorrow after all this crap," Josho said.  "The world you go back to isn't going to be the same as when it was when you were 