captured and whisked away to this place.  Xona's sheathed their swords and Ledomare's pulled back from the front."

	"Heh..."  Seclorum spat into the shadows.  "Friggin' crazy."

	"What's so wild about that idea?"  Josho squinted.  "You've settled in rather nicely with the tattooed ponies here.  Surely a part of you can perceive doing it in the long run."

	"Just because I can get along with one measly queen and her closest goons doesn't mean I can forgive the whole lot of them for all of the merciless things that they've done."

	"Need I remind you that you and I have done some pretty nasty stuff ourselves?"  Josho gritted his teeth.  "Secchy, you're a tough stallion... but it takes an even tougher one to learn to let it go."

	"What?"  Seclorum narrowed his eyes on the obese pony.  "Like you did?"

	"I'm dry, Secchy."

	"Hah!  I'm willing to bet!  As fat as you've become, I doubt you've gotten your horn wet in years—if you catch my drift."

	"I mean I've kicked the bottle," Josho said.  "For good."

	Seclorum's eyes fell on him for a few seconds.  "Yeesh, Josho, you shoulda just killed yourself."

	"I sorta have, in a way..."  Josho wandered over and had a squat beside his old friend, sighing.  "Getting caught up with that damn pegasus and all of her colorful friends, I started to see who I was and what I was doing in a really nasty light.  Ain't nothing pretty about what we were doing, Secchy—not the missions we ran, the tasks we were given, the uppity mare in a diamond girdle whom we all worked for..."

	"Criminy!"  Seclorum chuckled, loading a crossbolt into his weapon and cocking it.  "Almost sounds like you discovered you had a bastard son and turned a new leaf!"

	"Not too far from the truth, in a manner of speaking."

	Seclorum blinked, then turned to gaze dully at him.  "Not all of us can afford to go soft, old friend.  But, for what it's worth, I'm glad for you."

	"I'd like to be glad for you too, Secchy," Josho said quietly, his eyes warm.  "It's a new world waiting for you out there.  It'd be a damn shame to buck it up as soon as you're out of this place."

	"Hmmm... have you taken a good look around you?"  Seclorum leaned forward with a glare.  "Have you seen the nastiness that fills this place?  The conniving ways of the broodlings that stalk us?"  He slowly shook his head.  "Oh no, old friend, everything is and shall always be 'old world.'  And if you think having limped through this hellhole day in and day out is gonna make me 'soft,' well you've got another thing coming."  He stood up, wincing from his aching old bones.

	Josho frowned up at him.  "Just because hating is easy, old friend, doesn't make it courageous."

	Seclorum shuffled to a stop, then swiveled towards him.  "It's not about courage.  It's about strength.  You and I both know the world doesn't have the balance to stand on anything else for too long."  He marched off.

	As the stallion left the obese pony's sight, Josho could see several cloaked figures standing in a solid line at a distance, with at least half of them staring his way.

	Josho leaned back, blinking.

	Razzar was still.  Then, in eerie silence, he pivoted his mask and turned to face his comrades.  The edges of his hood glowed as he presumably discussed the present situation with them.  The six figures stood in close proximity to the hold's brightest torches.

	Josho rubbed his chin, his nostrils flaring as he stared and contemplated.



	"Hey..."

	Aatxe turned around and did a double-take.

	Rainbow Dash shuffled towards him.  "Do you have some water?"

	"Uhm..."  Aatxe squirmed slightly.  "For consuming purposes or... excreting purposes?"

	"Look, does it matter?"  Rainbow frowned, motioning with her hoof.  "I just need—like—a small jar's worth."

	"I can manage something like that."  Aatxe shuffled over towards a series of metal barrels positioned against the wall.  He grabbed one of several tin cups and uncapped a spicket, pouring a liberal volume of water into the container.  "Here..."  He passed the cup