 to her.  "If you're about to drink it yourself, be warned.  It's gonna have a weird, metallic taste.  Lots of newcomers are worried after their first sip.  Now, if you're going to give it to the shape-shifter..."

	"Lemme worry about that," Rainbow muttered, turning around with a frown.  "Ponies like you and Seclorum have done enough.

	"Wait!" Aatxe stretched a hoof out.

	The pegasus jolted to a stop, turning to look dully at him.

	Aatxe bit his lip.  After clearing his throat, the stallion avoided her gaze and said, "I think your show of compassion is a good thing.  I'd like to help in anyway I can, I just don't... don't..."

	"What?"  Rainbow glared.  "Don't believe in doing things the peaceful, harmonic way?"

	The stallion sighed.  "No."  He gulped.  "But I'd like to... again..."

	Rainbow Dash blinked at him.

	"Where—if you don't mind me asking—exactly do you come from?"

	"It's..."  Rainbow fidgeted slightly.  "It's a land called Equestria."

	"Equestria..."

	"If you used to fly your airship around these parts, I doubt you heard of it," Rainbow said.  "All the ponies around here ever seem to want to do is wage war and kill each other."

	Aatxe shook his head with a weak smile.  "Not me.  I did the bulk of my work along the frozen coasts of Alafreo and the Southern Straits.  Ponies are in small number along the shoreline, so my crew and I resorted exlusively to being traders.  As soon as the locals saw us, they knew we only wanted to do one thing: barter and trade.  We... we made lots of merchants happy to see us, because we only ever brought profit in our wake.  It was... it was a really warm feeling, to know that we were making things better for the landscape, week after week."  He gulped and glanced into the shadows.  "Something I dwell on a lot these days..."

	Rainbow Dash slowly nodded.  She gave a prolonged exhale, loosening the tension in her angry muscles.  "It was wrong of me to snap at you, and I apologize.  But still..."  She glared once more.  "I can't excuse what's been allowed to happen to that battered creature in the other room."

	"I'm not proud of it myself," Aatxe said.  "I'm not proud of a lot of things.  But we had to do what we did in order to survive."

	"And when the day comes that you finally make it out of here..."  Rainbow narrowed her eyes.  "Will you be ready and willing to live with yourself?"

	Aatxe shook his head.  "No."

	Rainbow twitched at that.

	With a sigh, Aatxe spoke.  "Miss Rainbow Dash, I... I-I've been here for seventeen years.  As much as I want to relish in the hope that somepony like you brings to this place, I... I-I feel that I just can't."  He winced slightly.  "This place is my prison.  And yet... it's also something of a home now."  He looked up.  "I want to get back to the Tarkington and power it up—so that, if nothing else, these poor mares and stallions stuck here with me can finally find freedom and peace.  But me?"  He slowly shook his head.  "I don't know what life the future could hold for me.  I'm almost scared to find out."

	"Yeah, well..."  Rainbow took a deep breath.  "Take it from a pony who's been lucky enough to do the exact opposite of you.  It's totally worth it to be constantly flying again.  That's a home in and of itself—an awesome home."

	Aatxe sighed.  "I wish I could believe you.  But it doesn't matter."

	"Dude, come on—"

	"I am glad for one thing," he said with a weak smile.  "Now that I've met you, I know that I'm not alone."

	She blinked at him.  "What do you mean?"

	"In the last few years, everytime I've looked at my reflection, I've seen a ghost of my past self, somepony who's died slowly day by day for having been forced to do things that he's never wanted to do."  He gazed at her.  "I see your face... and I see the same pony, and yet you've managed to remain heroic and thoughtful in spite of that?  How... j-just how does that work?"

	Rainbow blinked.  She jerked slightly, hearing and feeling the rattle of her loyalty pendant.  A slight grumble, and she said, "Tell