 you what, I'll show you."

	Aatxe blinked.  "Show me?"

	"But first thing's first."  Rainbow spun, clutched the cup of water in her hooves, and flew back towards the furthest niche of the hold.  "I gotta have a talk with somepony..."
		//------------------------------//
		// A Whole Lot of Love		//------------------------------//

	Rainbow Dash fluttered into the tight alcove, carrying the can of water.

	The fettered changeling immediately jerked away, its fanged mouth warped into a sharp grimace.

	"Shhhh..."  Rainbow Dash murmured.  She stopped flapping her wings, touching down softly on three hooves.  "It's okay."  She shuffled forward, sliding the cup of water towards the creature.  "Here.  I brought you some water."

	"It'll just..."  The changeling squeaked, its dragonfly wings twitching.  "Just bleed out... j-just bleed out of me... forgive me, Mother.  I d-deserve it... I deserve it all..."

	"Hey."  Rainbow Dash knelt down low, catching the creature's gaze.  "Look at me."  Her eyes narrowed.  "Nopony deserves the kind of stuff that's happened to you.  Do you understand me?  Nopony."

	The creature's shell rattled as it tilted its head up.  "Do you really b-believe that?"

	Rainbow smiled slightly.  "Yes."

	A hissing sound.  The changeling grew chin hair while an antler and a horn protruded momentarily from its skull.  "Liar."  It immediately winced, drawing further back into the corner with a whimper.

	Rainbow's smile faded.  She glanced at the floor, clearing her throat.  Nevertheless, she scooted forward and squatted right in front of the trembling specimen.  Behind her, Aatxe shuffled around the corner, watching nervously from a distance.

	"I was hoping that you might be able to help me," Rainbow Dash said.  "You see, my best friends and I have been dragged here... into this trap.  Some of us..."  She winced, her voice wavering as she stammered, "Haven't been so lucky."  She gulped hard.  "The others—well—I don't know for sure whether they're alive or dying.  But... I'm here, and I'm with you.  And if there's anything you know that you can tell me... that can shed some light on what the changelings want with Stratopolis, then it would help me a great deal to know."

	"Hit... it hits it..." the changeling whimpers as it took on Arcshod's facial tattoos.  "It responds to the pain.  It feeds off it.  Dreit.  Delivery more unto it..."

	Rainbow slowly shook her head.  "No.  Not today.  I've no pain to give you."

	"None?"  The changeling twisted hits head up at an angle.  Red dragon scales flickered across its cheek while two rows of teeth formed in its mouth.  "None whatsoever?"

	Rainbow squinted at the creature.  "How... do you do that?"

	"It hits it..."  The creature whimpered as its body fluctuated all over with a dozen different Xonan markings.  "Hrakkan semnul drenna drensen zeminulien trennte!"  It gasped sharply, raising its head up with regal unicorn eyes.  "Blessed children of Xon know only how to curse."  Seclorum's gray mane flickered across its scalp.  "Spark's fire is everlasting."

	"I don't bring fire and I don't bring curses."  Rainbow slid the cup of water forward.  "But I would still like to know more."

	"You have all that you could want to know..."  The creature fell over on its side, kicking its legs like a canine in labor.  "Hrkkkk... bleed me.  You know you want to."

	"No.  I don't."

	A pair of fiery green eyes narrowed at her.  "Why not?"

	Rainbow took a deep breath.  "Because I know what it's like to be a monster, chained up against her will."

	Aatxe raised his eyebrow at that.

	The changeling hissed long and hard, its face evolving into Aatxe's.  "Somepony doubtsssssss youuuuuu..."

	Rainbow smirked straight at the creature.  "I didn't ask him, now did I?"

	The changeling reverted back to its insectoid self, shivering awkwardly.  It glanced back at Aatxe, then at Rainbow again.  With a jerk of its forelimbs, it dragged the metal cup suddenly toward itself.  Water sloshed out, but that was of no consequence.  The thing la