pped thirstily at the contents of the container, making tiny gurgling noises.

	Rainbow Dash waited patiently.  She fidgeted a bit until she was squating on folded limbs.  Finally, she spoke, "Better?"

	The changeling said nothing.  It froze in place, hiding its face behind the emptied container.

	Rainbow Dash's lips curved.  "Bet it's been a long time since you ever felt the urge to say 'thank you.'"

	"I will be cracked in half..."  It batted the container away and curled up against the wall, turning its face away from Rainbow.  "Mmmmfff... my insides sucked clean.  The pulp will go back to Mother.  Nnnghhhmfff.... supplement the hatchlings..."

	"But why?"  Rainbow Dash asked, leaning forward.  "Why do you expect to be punished?"

	"So sorry... so sorry, Mother..."

	"Is it because you were captured?"  Rainbow Dash asked.  "Is she mean to the drones that get caught?"

	"No..."  It quivered, stifling a sob.  "The flame burns both ways.  They know.  And we know.  All is knowledge, and all is complete.  Mother feeds and nourishes the young."

	"The Hive Mind..."  Aatxe stammered, his jaw agape.  "Seclorum figured it was too injured to communicate back with its kind.  But... but if—"

	"Shhh!" Rainbow Dash insisted.  She furrowed her brow and slid forward.  "Did... your Mother want you to be captured?"

	The creature's wings twitched.  It shivered and hugged itself with porous hooves.

	Rainbow Dash spoke.  "What kind of a loving Mother would do that to her child?"

	"No..."  The thing hissed.  "Not loving.  The ultimate cruelty would be to starve us."

	"I... I don't understand," Rainbow Dash said.

	"Love is weak," the changeling spat, its shoulders shaking.  "It is a refuge of the days before the Migration.  The plains are ripe with chaos, both light and dark.  Only a fool would feed on love."

	"Then... it is pain that you seek?" Rainbow asked.  "Pain?  Strife?  Bad stuff?"

	"Do not tempt m-me..."

	"Well, what is it?"

	"I said..."  The creature spun, brandishing Collins' face, amber eyes flaring.  "Do not tempt me!"

	Rainbow Dash instantly doubled-back, wincing.

	"You've prevented nothing!"  Collins' face was replaced with Sam Rose's.  "Saved nothing!"  The creature jerked, gargled, then breathed out long and hard.  Its features turned to a wrinkled coat.  "Tell me, young filly," Cold Canter wheezed, looking sad and dazed.  "Are you happy... are you fulfilled on your lonesome?"

	Rainbow gritted her teeth.  "You think all I am is pain and regret?"

	"Snkkkkt...!"  The changeling rolled upside down, laughing hysterically with Bellesmith's voice.  "Shouldddddd a monster know anything else?!"

	"You shouldn't have to fear your Mother punishing you."  Rainbow's eyes narrowed.  "Because she did.  By giving birth to you."

	"What's the matterrrrrr, Rainbow Crash?!"  A stallion snarled before flashing a dark spectral mane and midnight eyes.  "Doth thy temper betray thee?  The worst kind of nightmare is the one thou liveth."

	"And just who's keeping score, huh?"  Suddenly, Rainbow flung her hoof forward and gripped the changeling's forelimb.

	The creature instantly gasped, its green eyes billowing flame as it shivered from the grasp.

	"Miss Dash!"  Aatxe seethed, rushining forward to grab her shoulders.  "What are you thinking?! Don't—!"

	Rainbow spread her wings, knocking him back.  "What's the matter?" she spoke firmly, keeping her eyes locked on the changeling.  "Lost your spine?  Do you bug ponies even have spines?"

	"Please... don't..."  The creature tugged and struggled to yank its hoof out of Rainbow's grip.  "No... sh-she'll punish... punish..."  It choked on a sob and clenched its eyes shut.  "She hates... hates..."

	"You know what I think Chrysalis does?"  Rainbow Dash grinned.  "She lies to you.  There's something stronger.  Something more potent than hate.  She only hides it from you as a means of controlling her brood, making them think that hate is all that's worth foraging.  And you know why?"  Rainbow leaned forward.  "Because she's