 a coward.  Looking for love in the world?  It's a lot harder.  But it's also a lot cooler.  And—believe me—you can't have pain without it.  A life with nothing but agony on your palette is lame.  Wouldn't you agree?"

	"Please..."  The changeling whimpered, crouching low and burying its face against the hard brick floor.  "It's too strong.  She will see... she will know."

	"How can she?" Rainbow Dash asked.  "Something tells me she hasn't had a good taste in years.  Especially if her kids haven't."

	The changeling shivered, continuing to hide its face.

	Aatxe looked on nervously, his lips pursed.

	"So..."  Rainbow Dash took a deep breath, clutching the changeling's limb with a second hoof, kneading the rigid exoskeleton gently.  "You hungry or what?  Cuz this is all I'm going to give you."

	The changeling trembled... trembled... then relaxed.  Its body went limp.  With a strong breath, it folded its dragon wings together.  The gossamer material turned to gold, forming thick blonde fibers with a red hair-tie.  By the time the orange coat had spread throughout its figure, Rainbow was already struggling to hold her ground.

	Applejack looked up, her eyes teary as she murmured with a dazed expression.  "It's a might bit warmer than I expected..."

	Rainbow Dash clenched her jaw tight, struggling to maintain eye contact.

	Applejack sniffled, rubbing her freckles with her other forelimb.  Chains rattled as she sat up straight, squirming slightly.  Her green eyes blinked, turning brighter and brighter—along with the sheen that made up her gorgeous coat.  "Land's sake... I-I feel like I just gorged myself on a kitchen full of Granny's apple pies..."

	"Yeah..."  Rainbow's voice cracked.  She cleared her throat and struggled to say, "You and me both..."

	Applejack blinked curiously at Aatxe, glanced across the surroundings, then finally narrowed her eyes on Rainbow.  "Sugarcube?"  She gulped.  "Reckon there was somethin' you were fixin' to ask me?"

	Rainbow took a deep breath, then uttered, "Where is Chrysalis?"

	
		//------------------------------//
		// The Strength to Come Back		//------------------------------//

	Pilate struggled his way up a flight of crooked stairs.  He leaned to his left, constantly grazing a slanted wall of slick granite.  He gnashed his teeth with each step.  A thin sheet of water trickled down the stairs, making every hooftrot more perilous and awkward than the last.

	At last, slipping only once or twice, he ascended to the upper level of the temple platform.  He pulled himself forward, gripping onto shards of battered granite in the process.  There was a break in the ceiling, and Pilate emerged upon a solid sheet of drowning rain.

	Sputtering, he nevertheless pressed on, squatting low as he threw his shoulder into the gale force winds.  As he proceeded on his own, the air around him billowed with tempestuous waves of moisture and precipitation.  It wasn't until about halfway through his trek across the upper platform's floor that something happened.  A shadow streaked past the zebra, leaving errant splashes seattling thrugh the collective puddles around him.

	Pilate shuffled to a stop.  He stood up straight, holding his breath in the pelting rain.  His head cocked to the side while his ears flicked against the moisture.

	He heard nothing beyond the constant roar and hiss of the monsoon.

	Clenching his jaw tight, the blind stallion nervously inched forward, keeping his shuffling steps deliberately slow.  When he continued to hear nothing, he accelerated his movement, stumbling towards a break in the rain where he heard less drops falling—a sign of ceiling cover.

	Unbeknownst to him, a shadow darted past yet again, inching closer and closer with each pass.



	Bellesmith winced.  While the changeling's tiny figure shivered on her backside, the mare crawled up until she was even with a shattered pillar and peered directly over the edge of the platform that she was on.

	The temple had revolved around the central structure twice, during w