hich its whole body had twirled around.  At this point, the outer edge—including the precipice upon which she perched—was jutting at its furthest reach from the center.  She guessed that she was three temples' length from the edge of the circular building where she and Eagle Eye first fell, not to mention where she last saw Rainbow Dash and Pilate disembark.

	The gap was too impossible to jump.  Even if she had a running start, Belle would barely make it one one-hundredth of the way before plunging into the my murderous winds.

	However, some things were less impossible than others.  As Bell glanced to her left, she saw a smaller temple gliding past her on a perpendicular course.  It didn't take long to realize that jumping onto that would give her a much closer pedestal to her destination.  However, the platform was dramatically smaller than the temple she was on, and it was gliding by at an alarming rate.  Belle felt her heart beating rapidly even as she contemplated what had to be done next.

	"Elma, I'm going to need you to hold on, darling," Belle said.  She was already trotting backwards, kneading her hooves tighter against the platform's slick surface.  "I mean it.  Grip tight.  This isn't exactly going to be fun."

	"Nnnngh... don't... d-don't..." The changeling whimpered, clinging to her back.  "You'll... w-we'll never make it..."

	"Jee, thanks for the vote of confidence..."  Belle took a deep breath, then an even deeper one.  "Spark help me, I love you, Pilate."  Then, with gnashing teeth, she galloped ahead at full force.  The platform's edge disappeared beneath her.  Breathlessly, she propelled herself into the howling winds.

	The wet, wet world became weightless.  Belle plummeted towards gray nothingness.  She clenched her breath and had faith.  There was a reason why she jumped earlier than expected.

	Sure enough, the winds blew her towards the left.  By the time she fell towards the temple's level, it had magically drifted into the right spot to catch her... although it didn't do so smoothely.

	"Ooomf!"  Belle landed and instanstly pratfalled, collapsing onto her side.  The momentum of her leapt sent her sliding like a torpedo across the slick rock surface.  Halfway through the careerning glide, she opened her aching eyes.

	A gasp escaped her lips; she had lost a great deal of weight.  Or rather...

	"Elma!"  Sputtering, Belle stood up and looked behind her.

	The frail changeling had slipped off upon impact and was rolling like a loose paper bag towards the flying temple's edge.

	"Hold on!"  Bellesmith hollered, immediately sprinting towards the helpless creature.  Puddles splashed and thunder rolled.  She plunged forward, sliding on her belly and clasping the shapeshifter's body with two strong forelimbs at the very last second.

	With a gasp, the changeling dangled from her grasp, her legs and wings flailing in the temple breeze.  Not long after, she was hoisted into Belle's embrace.  The two fell over across the surface of the platform with Belle protectively wrapping her legs around her.  Following a dreadful shiver, the changeling buried its face into Belle's chest and sobbed.

	"It's okay..."  Belle murmured, caressing the changeling's neck and shoulder. "I got you, Elma.  We're okay.  A little shaken up... but we're okay..."

	"No..."  The changeling quivered in her grasp, its exoskeleton flickering to reptilians scales and then reverting back to black.  "It's not okay.  Stop calling me that... st-stop calling me that which I'm not..."

	"You mustn't give up hope, Elma," Belle said with a slight frown.  "I know you're in a bad place, but I'm going to help you live so that you can find yourself a good place."

	"Why...?"  The changeling tilted her head up.  A peach coat lingered under dark tattoos.  Green bangs framed a sad face with green eyes as the filly whimpered, "Why do you love me?"

	Belle's muzzle fell open.  She sniffled as a tear rolled down her cheek along with the rainwater.  "Why wouldn't I?"  She caressed Kera's cheek.  "Elma, you don't h