You're a piece of her home, and the thing that gives her the courage to keep flying."

	Eagle looked at Ebon.

	Ebon was shuddering.  He murmured, "We all feel lost from time to time, and it's easy to hide within ourselves.  But it's so much better being in the light, so long as we have the ability to seize it.  And you seem to harbor so much light, Your Highness.  Please... shine on Rainbow Dash.  She really needs to believe again.  Believe in what?  Well, everything, I guess.  Goddess knows she's given us so much to believe in.  Now it's her turn... you think?"

	Eagle Eye smiled and gazed up at the moon.  "My friend Ebon likes to write letters a lot, so forgive his wordiness."

	Ebon hissed, "Don't tell her that!"

	"Why not?" Eagle hissed back.  "It's not like letter-writing is illegal in Equestria!"

	"Neither of us know that!"

	"She's not going to behead you, Ebon.  You're safe," Eagle Eye winked, and the next part sort of trickled out.  "You're always safe."

	Ebon looked his way, or at least his head did.  His eyes suddenly had to avoid Eagle's.

	The unicorn shrugged it off, tilting his gaze back at the moon.

	Silence.

	"You gonna tell her anymore?" Ebon asked.

	"I dunno..."  Eagle Eye shifted on three legs, his left forelimb still resting on Ebon's shoulder.  "You can only say so much before talking a princess' head off."

	"Are you... an expert on princesses or something?"

	"Hardy har.  Been talking to Josho?"

	"Pfft.  Barely."

	"I know, right?"

	"I wonder what kind of desserts they serve in the palace where Luna lives."

	"Or the seamstresses she hires."

	"Seems too magical a home for a badflank pegasus like Rainbow."

	"I dunno..." Eagle Eye smiled.  "I think it just fits."

	Frost lingered between them, numbing their skin.  This might explain why Eagle didn't notice at first that Ebon was leaning his head against his shoulder.

	"Hmmm?"  Eagle glanced aside.  "You cold?"

	Ebon shivered and his teeth were chattering.  "No," he muttered.  "Not r-really..."

	Eagle merely nodded.  With a graceful smile, he pulsed a wave of mana into his horn, performing a basic warming spell.  A lavender aura bathed the two, and Ebon's shivers settled somewhat.  He didn't stop leaning against the stallion, though.

	Silence.

	"Princess Luna?"  Ebon murmured.  "You've got a darn pretty moon, girl."

	Eagle giggled vaporously into the night.
		//------------------------------//
		// Just a Test, She Said		//------------------------------//

	"The important thing right now is that you stay calm.  You're going to pull through this—I promise.  The best physicians of Mountain Fall are going to take care of you."

	"But I-I can't see!  I can h-hardly even feel!  That... that explosion killed me!  Blessed Spark, what have I done?!"

	"Shhhh... Easy there.  You've saved dozens of ponies—that's what you've done.  You're a very brave zebra, Mr..."

	"Pilate.  My n-name's Pilate.  Did... did I really save—?"

	"Hmmm... Yes.  Ponies on the ground spotted a hovercraft undocking from the main zeppelin just seconds before it crashed.  Entire families survived the final impact—and it's all thanks to you."

	"I just... I-I was just doing what I knew h-how to do.  I couldn't let everypony die.  I just c-couldn't..."

	"Well, you showed great tenacity and zeal, Mr. Pilate.  Stallions like you are rare among Ledo's ranks.  Don't give into dismay.  You're in one piece, and I'm going to make sure you're rewarded for the selflessness you've shown."

	"R-rewarded?  How c-can that be?  I can't see a single thing.  I'm useless..."

	"Not if I can help it.  Rest easy, and let your troubles slip away.  Soon you'll see again... and the first thing you'll notice is that hope is stronger than the darkness.  Of this, I assure you."

	"You... y-you have a beautiful voice.  What's your n-name?"

	"...Bellesmith.  Doctor Bellesmith, and I am proud to bring you back from the depths, Mr. Pilate."



	Pilate's eyes opened, and all he noticed was that the world beyond th