ave to do this.  Please... just try to relax—"

	"How can I not relax when I'm around you, beloved?"  Kera's voice deepened as her eyes went clear and the tattoos morphed into black and white stripes.  Pilate leaned forward, stifling a sob as he nuzzled Belle close.  "Please, just stay with me.  I forgive you, my love.  I forgive you for everything.  Let's never be apart again..."

	Belle panted and panted.  She clenched her eyes shut, hissing through grinding teeth as she felt the stallion's loving touch.  "Elma, don't..."  She squeaked, fighting the urge to hyperventilate.  "Elma... st-stop it... you're..."  She felt her body go numb while a fire burned in her chest.  "You're robbing me... d-devouring my strength...!"

	The blind zebra blinked.  Tossing its head aside in a plume of green fire, the changeling reverted back to its insectoid self.  The wings on its back buzzed strongly while it nevertheless reeled from the shattered contact.

	Belle caught her breath, sitting up again as she rubbed her aching head.

	The changeling shuffled backwards, wincing.  "I'm a monster, Belle.  Just leave me be.  I don't know what's happening... but your heart... your feelings are so delicious."  It gulped with a clatter of its shell.  "At this rate... I-I'm going to reduce us to nothing..."

	"No..."  Belle gripped its hoof, pulling it back towards her as it kept the creature anchored in place.  "We can do this.  We need each other, Elma."

	"Just stop it..."  The monster whimpered.  "Stop calling me—"

	"It's the you I remember.  And until we're somewhere safe, that's what I'm choosing to call you."  Belle frowned, wiping her tears clean as she forced the changeling to look back at her.  "As far as I'm concerned, you're worth a thousand of the real Elmas.  So stop whining and help me get us to where we need to go.  I can't do all of this on my own."

	The changeling winced.

	"Are you feeling... stronger now?"

	It looked at its porous black hooves, trailing with green smoke.  "Y-yes, actually..."

	"Good.  Then maybe you can walk with me.  We'll move faster without one of us having to carry other."

	"Belle, just why..."  The changeling sighed.  "Why are you doing this?  Why go so far for a monst—..."  It clenched its fanged mouth shut.  "Why do all this for me?"

	"Because I have to know, Elma."

	"Know what?"

	"That you can make it back from the brink."  Belle sniffled.  She glanced back and gave the creature a bittersweet smile.  "Because then it means that maybe I can too..."



	Pilate shuffled under the protective cover of an overhang.  Once free from the rainfall, his watersoaked body shivered.  He limped forward until he brushed into a chunk of loose debris.

	"Unngh!"  He caught himself before he could completely collapse.  He felt around, hearing the rattle of loose chunks of granite.  With a sigh, he pivoted to his sigh, shuffling forward, feeling for a clear path towards the furthest end of the enclosure.

	About a full minute into his movement, he came to a stop.  He froze in place, barely daring to breathe.  In a flash, he swiveled around, facing the rainy world from which he came.

	Pilate's lips pursed, his head craned to the side while his ears tilted forward and then from side to side.  His breaths came in tiny shallow bursts as he endeavored to make sense out of the distorted sound of falling rain drops.

	Dead ahead of the zebra, blocking the gray light of Stratopolis, a cloaked figure stood, its hood and sleeves laced with a dull amber glow.  It stood just as still as Pilate, shadowing the stallion.

	Pilate listened and listened.  He gulped, his teeth clenching tighter.  Slowly, he pivoted back towards the corner of the enclosure, moving his limbs to drift ahead.

	The Lounge member crouched low, coiling its muscles.  The glow intensified as it prepared to spring forward.

	Without warning, Pilate threw his head down, clamped his teeth onto a chunk of granite, and spun back around—wielding the small boulder like a club.

	Smash!  It met the chargi