ng figure's silver mask with a loud clank!  The Lounge member reeled back momentarily.

	Panting for breath, Pilate galloped forward.  He slammed into a wall, cursed under his breath, then shuffled along the barrier, following the sound of rain water.  There was a roll of thunder, masking the Lounge member's footsteps so that it sprang upon the stallion from seemingly nowhere.  Pilate felt arms surrounding his chest from behind, wrestling him hard to the floor with a murderous suplex.

	"Ooof!"  Pilate wheezed, rolling onto his backside.  "Hnnnngh!"  He bucked hard, knocking the knee out from the creature.  But with blazing speed the thing slipped around Pilate's weight in the splashing water, wrestling the stallion hard to the ground and pressing its elbows into his back.  "Gaaaugh!  Hmmmphghh... g-get off—"

	Pilate was answered with a metal rod shoved into the back of his neck.  Electrical currents surged through the zebra's body.

	With a violent spasm, Pilate gasped.  His blind eyes rolled back in his head, and he fell limply to the wet floor with a dull thud.  And then he felt nothing.
		//------------------------------//
		// Of Chaos, Mothers, and Love		//------------------------------//

	"Our Mother..."  The face of Applejack quivered under lanternlight.  The changeling shifted back in her chains, curling away from Rainbow Dash.  "...she is everywhere.  She is in all of us..."

	"Who, Chrysalis?" Rainbow leaned forward with an inquisitive gaze.  "Or Tchern?"

	"No..."  Applejack shook her head.  "Not the Night Mother.  She waits on the dark side for her beloved sister to return."  She gulped.  "And return with strength and glory."

	Rainbow Dash blinked.  "So it is Chrysalis who I met."  She rubbed her fuzzy chin, then twitched.  "Wait... wait.  'Return with strength and glory?'  You mean Chrysalis is trying to return to the other side of the plane?"

	"She can't yet... we can't yet," Applejack buried her freckles into her forelimbs.  "There ain't enough power.  There ain't enough misery..."

	"For what?"

	"It's all too much, sugarcube..."

	"Hey..."  Rainbow reached forward and gently grasped the pair of orange hooves before her.  "Look at me."  She held her ground as the moist green eyes looked her way.  "It's okay to tell me.  What is Chrysalis making her brood devour misery for?"

	Applejack sniffled.  "We must be strong.  We must have a heapin' helpin' of might if we're to help the Night Mother win the War."

	Rainbow's lips pursed.  "What War?"

	The changeling's black exoskeleton showed for a moment, then waxed back to fuzzy orange.  "Why, the Trinary War, sugarcube."

	Rainbow Dash could only blink at that.  She turned to look back at Aatxe, but the stallion could only shrug.

	"Mother's been feedin' and feedin'..."  Applejack shuddered into the lamplight.  "Xona was mighty easy for us to get our vittles.  But now it's time to fall back..."

	"Fall back to where?"

	"We would have gone west, but Mother changed her mind.  There was nothin' left for her brood to feed on there."

	"West...?" Aatxe murmured.  "West, where?"

	Rainbow raised her hoof to silence him.  She craned her neck the changeling's way.  "Why was going west no longer an option?"

	"There was no point in exploitin' the peace," Applejack stammered.  "Chaos consumed harmony all on its lonesome.  Mother sensed it, and her children out in the field witnessed it first hoof.  It was a famished land, no longer worth the trouble.  But..."

	Rainbow gulped.  "But what..."

	The mare looked up with teary eyes.  "Mother sensed that Chaos was comin' her way.  If she just had us wait where we were, then the final ingredient would saddle up to the table in Xona."  She choked back on a sob.  "We got all that we needed, sugarcube.  Death... pain... misery.  It all worked out as Mother intended it."

	Rainbow Dash was silent.  She stood up and paced between the bricklaid walls, staring down at her hooves.

	Aatxe stared at her worriedly.

	"Don't be mad, darlin'..."  Applejack smiled painfully, rolli