ng over to her side and rattling the chains.  "Mother knows all.  She chained the mighty Divine of Magic.  She carved a continent in two.  All falls into place with her plan, for she is beautiful and godlike."

	"But not very merciful..." Rainbow muttered to the wall.

	Applejack shivered.  "Why... sh-should she be?  She is a powerful and wise Mother..."

	"And she cares for her children because she feeds you guys, right?"

	The changeling shook its head.

	"Tell me..."  Rainbow Dash slid down onto her hooves and grasped the changeling's forelimbs.  "Look at me and t-tell me..."  She gulped and reached forward with a trembling hoof, ultimately caressing Applejack's cheek.  Her voice cracked, "Have you ever been fed like th-this?"

	Applejack gazed up into Rainbow's eyes with a trembling muzzle.  Slowly, her orange coat turned darker, and her long blonde mane was replaced with a violet swath of hair.  "No..." Scootaloo whimpered, shaking her head.  "No... never..."  Tears fell from her violet eyes in little green bursts.  "It's too much... f-far too much..."

	Rainbow Dash clenched her jaw tight.  "What kind of a Mother would rob her child of this?"

	The changeling was at a loss for words.  Scootaloo's legs curled to her chest and she collapsed with bitter sobs.  Rainbow reached forward and held the petite thing close, weathering its sobs as it surrendered to her embrace.

	With a cold exhale, Rainbow gazed into the torchlight beyond.  "I don't know about you, kiddo, but I'm starting to realize why it is that Tchern—the Night Mother—kicked out her sister."  She turned and glanced back at Aatxe's nervous figure.  She patted Scootaloo's back.  "One of the former alicorns had its priorties right, and the other didn't."

	"B-But she wants to end the Trinary War!"  Scootaloo's muffled voice whimpered.  "She has to!  She loves the Night Mother!"

	"Then tell me..."  Rainbow Dash held Scootaloo back, staring at her tear-stained face.  "Why doesn't she love you?"

	Scootaloo bit her lip, gazing nervously at the floor.

	"Look at me."  Rainbow Dash tilted her head up.  "You said that Chrysalis has now pulled back.  She couldn't go west.  So... where did she go?"

	Scootaloo sniffled, then glanced down at her curled forelimbs.  "Val Roa."

	Rainbow Dash raised an eyebrow.  "Val Roa...?"  A blink, and she turned back at Aatxe.

	He was already clearing his throat.  "It's... a... It's a kingdom far east of here," he said.  "Dead center of one of the Shattered Continents."

	"You've been there?" Rainbow asked.

	"No."  Aatxe shook his head.  "But anyone who's done trading as far west as Alafreo has heard about it."

	"Lemme guess..."  Rainbow Dash's ears folded atop a lethargic expression.  "They're ravaged daily by war as well..."

	Aatxe's face contorted with a grimace.  "Heck no!  At least..."  He fidgeted.  "It wasn't around seventeen years ago when I was still flying!  The place is the last bastion of civilization before the Grand Choke, after all.  It'd be a shame for them to get involved in a petty conflict!"

	"The Grand Choke..."  Rainbow Dash murmured.

	"But... but if this 'Chrysalis' character weaseled her way inside..."

	Rainbow Dash turned towards Scootaloo.  "Do you know what your Mother is doing in Val Roa?"

	Scootaloo bit her lip and shook her head.

	Rainbow's nostrils flared.  "She impersonated Princess Lasairfion in Xona.  Is she going to do the same in this eastern kingdom?"  Her eyes narrowed.  "To wreak havoc and chaos?"

	"There is much... much misery left to feed on," Scootaloo said.  "All th-that's needed is to bring the prison there to contain the vessels."

	"The prison?"

	"Rainbow Dash..."

	The pegasus glanced back at Aatxe.

	"This place," he said softly.  "Chrysalis needs this place."

	"Yeah, no kidding."  Rainbow frowned.  "But how can she expect to move Stratopolis?  It's not like she's related to any of the ancient pegasi who—"  Her ruby eyes widened.  A pale sweat formed along her brow.  She turned towards Scootaloo.  "Your Mot