
	"Mmmfnngh!"  Eagle Eye threw himself onto a craggy platform's edge.  Wincing, he pulled with every inch of his forward muscles, rolling himself slowly onto even ground.  He slumped on his back, panting.

	Lighting flashed, illuminating the puddles around him in a bright strobe of heated energy.  The crackle of thunder felt too close, and he immediately winced.

	"Blessed Spark, one of these days, would it be too much to ask that I wake up with wings?"  He sat up, levitating his sword beside his skull.  "I promise, I'll mostly use them for accessorizing."

	Suddenly, his eyes twitched.

	"Bombastic ballerinas!!"  He scampered towards the platform's edge and stared down below at a steep seventy degree angle.  "Hey!  Heeeeeeeeeeey!  Belle!  Rainbow!  Up here!"

	Far below, two bodies could be seen lunging from one platform to another.  Gliding through the air for the space of five wet seconds, they landed safely on the outer rim of the large circular structure.  Without hesitation, the two mares scampered for cover, taking shelter beneath the outstretching balcony.

	"Hey!  Look up!  Look up!  It's Eagle Eye!  The cute one, remember?!"

	It was too late.  As thunder rolled and the magical currents carried Eagle's platform further from the central structure, he realized there was no chance in making visual contact once more.

	"Eeeeughhh..."  He slumped against a pillar, blowing at several loose strands of damp mane hair.  "Who'd a thunk I'd be so desperate to chase mares down."  He went cross-eyed, then slapped his own skull.  "Darn it, old stallion!  Get outta my head!"

	Glancing to his three o'clock, he saw a large platform looming in the path of his platform's rotation.  Breathless, he scampered across the granite stretch of floor and prepared to make another death-defying leap.
		//------------------------------//
		// This One's for the Books		//------------------------------//

	"Val Roa?!"  Seclorum exclaimed, gawking.

	Arcshod and several other Xonans glanced at one another with similar confusion.

	"Uhm... some details would be a big help, Color Wheel," Josho muttered across the lamplight.

	"It's a kingdom located far to the east," Rainbow Dash said, facing all of the gathered survivors of the hold.  "Like... super far.  But that's small stuff for a Queen like Chrysalis to sweat.  She's got her broodlings situated—like—everywhere, and they're all picking up information about everything under the sun, giving her the freedom to move east and do what it is that she wants to do."

	"Which is...?"  Prowse leaned forward, pale brow furrowed.

	"Well... uhm... that's hard to say," Rainbow Dash said.  "But considering who and what she's impersonated before..."  She gave Lasairfion a brief glance and continued.  "...odds are it won't be good for the ponies who live in that place."

	"Is she gonna start another super stupid war?!" Props remarked.

	"I don't see what's stopping her," Rainbow Dash said.  "Chrysalis was once an alicorn who lived in the kingdom where I'm from, Equestria," she explained.  "Her and her sister Tchern have been in exile for countless thousands of years, during which they've mutated into shapeshifting monsters who feed on emotion."

	"There's another changeling queen named Tchern?!" Seclorum exclaimed.

	Rainbow swiveled to stare blankly at them.  "What, you didn't get that out of the little fella after days and weeks of torture?"

	Seclorum clenched his jaws and said nothing.

	Razzar's masked face turned left and right.  He stepped forward from the Lounge, his voice crackling to life:  "Assuming Chrysalis has a diabolical plan for the kingdom of Val Roa, then what is her purpose with this place?"

	"Who's to know who or what Stratopolis actually belongs to," Rainbow Dash said with a shrug.  "I have my ideas—but none of that is important right now.  What is important is that Chrysalis has been using this place as a base of operations, and it will totally benefit her to have it located much closer to her new place of operations."

	"You mean Val 