Roa?" Prowse remarked.

	"Think about it," Aatxe said from where he stood beside Ranbow.  "Chrysalis has been impersonating Lasairfion for months... years.  She needed a place to keep most of the replaced ponies—a prison where the changelings could gather, feed, recharge, and then fly back into action."

	"The Strip of Flurries has been masking this place for Celestia-knows how long!" Rainbow exclaimed.  "But it's too dang far away to be of any use to her in Val Roa."

	"So she needs to move it," Razzar remarked.  "That would suggest that she knows some way of accessing the navigation systems of this place."

	"Rainbow Dash, for it is called," Lasairfion's voice resonated.  Arcshod and other Xonans stepped aside as she shuffled forward, staring inquisitively at her.  "It is curious that it has so many attachments to this place."

	Silence.  Rainbow blinked, then pointed at her.  "What?  Me?"

	Lasairfion nodded.  "Its rulers held past blood with that which mothers the brood.  Its wings match those in corpses and mosaics."

	"Yeah... about that..."  Rainbow Dash rubbed the back of her head with a nervous smile.  "Ehhh... seems like this place flew by Equestria long, long ago.  A bunch of ancient pegasi led by Commander Hurricane took control of Stratopolis, it would seem."

	"It would seem?"  Seclorum remarked, squinting at the pegasus.  "Well, did she or didn't she?"

	"That's what the words on her tomb suggest," Rainbow said with a shrug.  "The ancient warriors of Pegasopolis saw this place as a big huge threat to the Harmony of Equestria and moved it."

	"How?" Razzar asked.

	"Uhhhhhh..."  Rainbow Dash blinked.

	"Rainbow..."  Josho spoke, staring at her pointedly.

	Props leaned in.  "Your magic touch..."

	"Magic... touch...?" Lasairfion repeated.

	Rainbow gulped and said, "Turns out that the crystals that filled the control room around Hurricane's tomb responded to my touch and nopony else's.  Well... uhm... nopony—that is—until..."

	"Until the damnable shape shifters took your form and screwed everything up for your friends and us!" Seclorum said with a growl.  "Sometimes I wonder just how much help you are, Miss Dash."

	"Secchy, lay off," Josho grumbled.

	"Why should I?!"  Seclorum gestured with his hoof.  "Don't you see?!  Chrysalis and her goons had the foresight to expect this!  Hell!  They could have coerced your and your friends to specifically take the flight path you did that brought you here!  Just how many blood tests did you give the strangers you met on your journey from the Xonan battlefield?!"

	Josho sighed and ran a hoof through his hair.  "None..."

	"Exactly!  For the love of the Spark!  Nothing's happened that they haven't somehow orchestrated!"

	"Bloody Hell..."  Prowse stammered.

	"Secchy, if you've paid any damned attention..."  Josho growled. "You'll realize that Rainbow's done enough and lost enough to prove that she's on our side—"

	"But!"  Rainbow silenced the room, her eyes darting across everyone's gaze.  "I won't deny that—yeah—there's been a lot of diabolical fluff thrown into the mix here.  From what the changeling told me, it's pretty clear that Chrysalis has anticipated my arrival."

	"Equestria was going to be Chrysalis' second target," Aatxe added.  "But... uhm..."  He glanced nervously at Rainbow.  "Looks like something made her choose Val Roa at the last second."

	Rainbow sighed, her wings drooping.  She closed her eyes, gulped, and glanced up.  "A lot of bad stuff went down in my kingdom when I began my journey.  Equestria suffered a major blow.  Harmony took a big dip while... erm... a chaos rift s-sorta formed in the center of the nation.  I... I-I lost a lot of good friends..."  She gulped.  "I lost everything."

	The ponies were silent as they waited for her to go on.

	"Long story short, there's nothing to feed on in my hometown cuz the banquet food's already gone stale."

	"So the bug lass is fixin' to get her something meatier to munch on?" Prowse remarked.

	Rainbow nodded.  "Seems like Val R