oa is a peaceful enough place for her to set up shop..."  She exhaled through flaring nostrils.  "And do to that kingdom what she's done to Xona and Ledomare."

	The survivors mumbled amongst themselves.

	"But I feel as though you keep deviating from the most important matter at hand," Razzar said, pointing at the pegasus.  "She was waiting for you to show up in this place, because you obviously act as some sort of key."

	"It would seem so, yeah," Rainbow Dash said with a nod.  "But it's gotta be for doing more than just moving a bunch of huge friggin' temples into one another and crashing them into bits."

	"Maybe she knows of some way to control all of Stratopolis?!"  Props remarked, her bright blue eyes glancing at everypony.  "Could there be a hidden chamber of sorts?"

	"We'd be looking for a door, if that was the case," Aatxe said.

	Ponies murmured aloud, pondering.

	Then, with sudden enlightenment, Lasairfion's regal eyes widened.  "Urohringr," she murmured.

	Rainbow Dash gave her a double-take.  "Buh?"

	Arcshod gaped at his queen.  "He'lunniul trenna su'lien Austraeoh niul Urohringr en'vanna sien?"

	Lasairfion nodded.  "Dreit."  She turned to look at Rainbow Dash.  "Has it heard the legend of the Celestial Circle?"

	"Hooboy..."  Rainbow's ears drooped as she glared boredly.  "Here we go."
		//------------------------------//
		// The Circles Inside of Circles		//------------------------------//

	"Nagu'n the serpent Goddess hails from spinning cosmos," Lasairfion said in her thick, rolling accent.  "World of constants\ circles before dawning of mortal life."  Her eyes narrowed.  "It calls it 'Urohringr,' the spheres within spheres.  Says the scriptures of much darkening: evil in angles and curve.  It bleeds unto itself, devouring and leeching.  Circles break and give way to shadows between starlight.  Ever since, task most noble it is of Nagu'n to restore balance between shards of Urohringr."

	Before Rainbow Dash could say something, Props dashed forward.  "And just what's this 'Urohringr' gotta do with this place?  Or with Dashie?"

	Arcshod glanced aside at his Queen.  "Melsun'ielen rekkh'ar threndu Urohringr sara kelem'dreen."

	Lasairfion nodded and turned to face the newcomers again.  "With great repetitioning appears the symbol of spheres inside spheres around us.  Changeling's city of floating prison breathes with the darkness of the cosmic world.  Nagu'n's forsaken glory trails off every corner, and symbols sing of die cast before chaos everswirilng."

	"Symbols..."  Rainbow Dash gulped.  "I... I saw a wall before.  It was a barrier with this crazy mosaic of rings within rings..."

	Arcshod shuddered.  "Murielen sep'andrek Austraeoh threanna malakeen Xon-Nagu'n..."

	"It speaks of great relavencing," Lasairfion stammered, her eyes falling upon Rainbow and her pendant.  "Scriptures speak of Austraeoh, beacon destined to pierce chaos shadow and restore balance for glory of Nagu'n."

	"Wait..."  Josho blinked awkwardly.  "You tattooed dudes' actually foretell color wheel here?"

	Rainbow brushed a hoof across his shoulder.  "Easy, chief.  It's something I've more or less known ever since I landed in the Sacred Hold."  She nevertheless gulped.  "Just a consequence of the Xonans having inherited the language of ponies far older than anyone else who trots this earth."

	"No friggin' way.  You talking about the old pegasi that Khao's yucks farted themselves to death over?"

	"I don't know what I'm talking about anymore," Rainbow Dash muttered aside.  She trotted forward and squinted her eyes at Lasairfion.  "Just what is this 'Austraeoh' prophesied to do when she comes into contact with Urohringr?"

	"It does not understand."  Lasairfion briskly shook her head.  "Nagu'n's blessed cosmos exist only in fragments.  Urohringr is no longer."

	"Er... right..."

	"But upon the Shattering of Spheres, many eggs hatched.  Containers possessed essence of cosmic glory.  Xon only knows glory; Nagu'n chooses not to sing out of reverance.  Eggs hatch and glory sprouts w