ings.  Celestial sentries that are neither ponies nor serpents, monitor the skies and bring righteous conviction and blood."

	"Eggs... sentries... wh-what?!"  Josho wheezed.

	"Almost sounds like what Handsome would say!" Props chirped.

	"Really?"  Rainbow glared at her with thin eyes.  "Care to interpret?"

	"Uhm... s-sounds to me like the universe of 'spheres within spheres' shattered, and in its place there appeared a bunch of 'sentries' whose job it was to watch over the world as we now know it."

	"More like Urohringr was sundered," Rainbow Dash said.

	Prowse spoke up, "And Stratopolis seems prime material for one of these crazy-flank'd 'sentries.'"

	"And what of the symbols that lie around this place?" Razzar spoke up from where he stood with the Lounge.  "Was this 'sentry' waiting specifically for 'Austraeoh?'"

	Rainbow Dash rubbed her chin in thought.  "Stratopolis floated into Equestrian airspace.  It brought tons of bad weather and chaos and crap.  Commander Hurricane intercepted it... discovered she and she alone could somehow control it.  Hurricane gives up her life to move this thing far away from Equestria.  Eons later, Chyrsalis finds this place, studies the symbols inside.  Meanwhile, she gobbles up Xonan culture, finds out all about 'Urohringr' n'crap, and senses m-me coming from Equestria..."

	"Only Austraeoh has power for piercing Urohringr's seal," Lasairfion.

	"Yeah?"  Aatxe squinted.  "To what end?"

	Lasairfion calmly said, "Glory of Xon."

	Seclorum rolled his eyes and groaned.

	"Maybe... maybe I can do something to that symbol I found earlier," Rainbow Dash said.  "I can open a way to what lies behind the barricade!"

	"And what?"  Seclorum remarked.  "Get us into the core of this damnable place?"

	"Of course!" Aatxe claimed.  "If perhaps another of her kind could do it eons ago, then why can't she?  I mean, she's the first pony with wings to show up here in ages!"

	"We do need to get to the core of this building bloody badly," Prowse remarked.  "Otherwise, we'll never get the energy crystals to breathe life back into the Tarkington."

	"Then what are we waiting for?"  Josho remarked.  "We get our flanks to this place, have Rainbow opened the barricade, get what we need, and blow this waterlogged popsicle stand!"

	Rainbow opened her mouth to speak.

	"I have an even better question," Razzar said.

	"And what's that?" Seclorum asked.

	Razzar's silver mask tilted about.  "Why hasn't Chyrsalis' brood opened this barricade alredy?"

	Everypony was silent.

	"Evidently, they have copied Rainbow Dash's essence into their hive mind," the Lounge leader continued.  "What's to stop them from getting to the core of this place themselves?"

	"They..."  Props fidgeted where she stood.  "They must be waiting for us to make the f-first move!"

	"Or waiting to spring a trap," Seclorum droned.

	Josho gnashed his teeth.

	Ponies glanced at one another and murmured in nervous fear.

	"That..."  Rainbow Dash winced halfway through trying to speak. " ...that c-can't be a good thing."

	"The next course of action seems obvious to me," Razzar stated.  "We must bring Rainbow Dash to the symbol as swiftly as possible and access the core of Stratopolis for ourselves."

	"But what if that's what they're expecting us to do?!" Aatxe remarked.

	"It seems an even greater risk to cower in here and allow our shapeshifting foes complete access to the rest of this floating death trap."  Razzar glanced in Lasairfion's direction.  "If the monarch's words hold resonance, then there is something far older and more powerful than even Chrysalis to be had in this place.  We owe it to ourselves and the rest of the world to make sure that changeling nemeses do not gain access.  Val Roa is already doomed.  What lies next in the destructive path?"

	"I hate to say it..."  Josho rubbed his chin, then glanced Rainbow's way.  "But I'm with creepy-face over here."

	"The first line of defense is a good offense."  Seclorum nodded.  "I concur.  Miss Dash?  What do you 