think?"

	"Doesn't look like there's much thinking involved," Rainbow muttered.  "Only a crap-ton of doing."

	"We will lead the charge," Razzar said, gesturing towards his lackeys.  The rest of the Lounge cocked their weapons and stood up straight at attention.  "Our weapons and training will decimate the elusive hoard if they try to attack us."

	"Ge'salanna hrenna theem drenn'adren," Arcshod said, jaw tight.  Several able-bodied warriors stood proudly at his side.  "Mer'nassan the'luniel sulien Austraeoh rekkah threen."

	"Looks like you've got yourself a regular hoofball team, Dashie!" Props exclaimed.

	"She sure as heck does!"  Prowse nodded, patting Prop's shoulder.  "I'll lend every hoof I have left, even if I have to build a new one.  Secchy?"

	"We can't do this without you, Missy," Seclorum said, shuffling up to the pegasus.  "You seem like a pony of action.  You game for a trip to the heart of this place?"

	"Absolutely..."  Rainbow's voice trailed off, as did her eyes.  She glanced towards the far corner of the torchlit place.  After a blink, she squinted at the Ledomaritan Enforcer.  "On one condition, though..."
		//------------------------------//
		// The Game is a Hoof		//------------------------------//

    “Absolutely out of the question!”  Seclorum’s growling voice echoed across the tight brick walls of the chamber as he stood several feet away, frowning.  “You let that monster free, and you’ll doom us all!”

    “If you ask me, the doom has already been brought upon us,” Rainbow Dash said as she fiddled with the manacles clasped around the emaciated changeling’s forelimbs.  “Torturing a creature that’s hooked up to hive mind?  Whew!  Talk about shoving your name to slot number one of the Darwhinny Awards!”

    “There’s no telling what will come of this expedition!” Seclorum snarled.  “We could still need it for information!  And if it should summon its fellow broodlings in to attack us--”

    “Secchy, please,” Aatxe grumbled as he trotted past the unicorn with a set of keys dangling around one forelimb.  “We all know that if the changelings wanted us dead, they could easily have raided the hold and slaughtered all of us by now.”

    “And just what do you think you’re doing?!”

    Aatxe sighed.  “What I should have done months ago.”  With a weary smile, he hoofed the keys over to Rainbow Dash.  “There ya go.”

    “I think you should do the honors,” Rainbow said, stretching the changeling’s bound hoof towards the instruments.  “If not for the little dude here, then for your conscience.”

    Aatxe blinked.  With a nervous breath, he nodded and trotted forward.  “Very well then.”

    “I still think this is a horrible plan,” Seclorum said.  “The only reason Arcshod and His Royal Highness voted to comply is because of some backwards religious prophecy mumbo jumbo about this ‘flame bearing Ostrich-oh horse.’  And the Lounge?  Never trust anyone with cold blood!  So help me, Ledo, if you so much as--”

    “Look, either we free this poor guy or I’m not budging an inch to help you ponies get the locked-away crystals for the Tarkington!” Rainbow said, frowning his way.  “You can sit on that until your gray mane hairs fall out, for all I care.”

    Seclorum blinked, his muzzle gaping.  He tilted his gaze aside at Aatxe.

    Aatxe paused in the middle of unlocking the manacles.  He blinked back and smiled awkwardly.  “Uhm… what she s-said.”

    Seclorum’s brow furrowed.  With a frown, he swiveled around and stormed off down the hallway.

    “Pleasant stallion,” Rainbow Dash said.

    “Don’t be too harsh on the pony,” Aatxe said, working on the last cuffs.  “I’m not all that proud of everything we’ve done under his lead, but his tenacity has encouraged us to survive dire straits.”

    “But does he have to be so bitter?”

    “A lifetime at war will do that.”

    “Yeah, but even with all the crap I’ve been through, I…” 