 Rainbow Dash paused in mid-speech, her eyes crooked.

    Aatxe looked curiously at her.

    “Weird…”  Rainbow gulped dryly.  “Really, really weird…”

    “What is?”

    “Just days ago, surrounded by friends and perfectly safe, I was the most bitter mare on earth,” Rainbow muttered.  “But here?”  She glanced up, sniffling slightly into the torchlight.  “Stuck in the belly of a flying Tartarus, surrounded by changelings, with one of my best friends having just kicked the bucket…”  Her words trailed off.

    “You strike me as a pony of action,” Aatxe said with a slight smile.

    “I guess I’m just best when I’m stupid,” Rainbow muttered.  She nodded her head towards the shuddering changeling they were unfettering.  “Like this, for example.”

    “I wouldn’t call this stupid.”  Aatxe said as he unlocked the last cuff and dropped the metal bits to the floor.  “But you certainly seem to only see forward.”

    “Am I doing a horribly bad thing here, Aatxe?” Rainbow asked.  “Is this somehow gonna kill all the ponies stuck in this place?”

    “We’ve been wasting away here for years, subsisting on prison food and forced to endure tempests and decay,” the stallion muttered.  He gazed at her with a tired pair of eyes.  “We were all killed long, long ago.”  He gestured at the changeling.  “Even if this is the only soul you free, I’d say you were brought here to do a good thing, Miss Dash.”

    Rainbow smiled awkwardly at that.  She turned and scooped the weak changeling up in her forelimbs.  “Come on, pal.  Stretch your wings, why don’tcha?  You’re gonna need them with the nasty winds out there.”

    “Nasty… winds…?”

    “Yeah.  I know it may not be much like sunshine,” Rainbow said as she slung the creature over her back.  “But, hey, it’s freedom.”

    “Freedom…”  The changeling stared at her with quivering fangs.  The black shell gave way for orange fuzz and freckles.  “What’s it y’all want, sugarcube?  Why are you doin’ this?”

    “Why am I not?”  Rainbow smirked and trotted briskly for the far end of the hallway, followed by Aatxe.  “I’ve been in chains myself.  Most uncool.  Now let’s get you out of here.”

    The effigy of Applejack blinked.  With a soft smile, it leaned forward, nuzzling the middle of Rainbow’s shoulders as it was carried safely away from the niche of misery.




    ”These creatures can attack us from any angle,” Razzar said as he paced before his fellow compatriots.  Behind the Lounge, the rest of the Hold’s population was hauling together crossbolts, makeshift bludgeons, and supplies.  “We must be prepared for an assault from the sky, the walls, and even the floors.  They can blend in with anything imaginable, and seeing as we have the superior firepower, this group will be relying on our talents.  Let us worry about restitution and payment after we’ve escaped the winds of this place.”

    ”But Razzar,” one masked member tilted his hooded head about.  ”The pegasus is freeing one of them. Surely this will only set us up for a terrible ambush.”

    “Ambush or not, the pegasus is the key we need to get to the heart of this building.  The survivors here will not be able to escape without the energy sources contained within.  And as to reaching the controls of this place--”

    “We will surely perish!” the figure exclaimed, his gloved fists clenched.  ”She is leading us into a trap with her misguided generosity!”

    ”I trained us to be strong and resourceful.  Whatever happens, we will be prepared for it.  Focus on your strengths and do not obsess with fear and doubt.”

    “This is simply a terrible idea,” the Lounge member hissed from beneath his mask.  ”We will die and our skins will turn to dust in the gales of this place--”

    Ch-Chtkk!  In one dynamic twirl, Razzar had unholstered a crystal rifle and planted the double barrels to the peak of the figure’s mask.  