e shadows was slightly colder.  He sighed, sitting up... somewhere.  Feeling with his hooves, he realized he was still inside the infirmary.  How long had be been lying on that mattress with crumpled bedsheets?  Weeks?  Months?  Years?

	A warm voice trailed in his ears, threading apart with the grace of a warm, angelic tone that he had fallen in love with years ago.  In its absence, the bulkheads of the Noble Jury rattled with a cold, dull hum.

	The zebra hugged himself, rubbing his forelimbs and fetlocks together as a chill brought a chatter to his teeth.  With a sigh, he hung his head, ears folded to the sightless ceiling.

	Not long after, the entire ship shook.  He nearly fell off his bed from the sheer jolt that he was dealt.  Gasping slightly, he tilted his head up, blinking blindly to the oblivion.

	After a period of silence, the ship shook again.  Curious, Pilate slipped out from beneath the bedsheets, held his breath, and slinked like a striped serpent into the hallway directly outside.



	"Hey... uhm..."  Ebon Mane looked up from where a giant, pulsating red mass was stuffed into a metal basin in the center of the engine room.  The Frost Wyrm gland's bloody center had several wires running between it and a series of glowing orange coils situated along the far end of the chamber.  "With all this jostling around, do you we'll melt this ugly thing to goo?  I mean, not that I'm love with it or anything, but it'd be a shame for us to lose the ship's heat on account of a simple test."

	"Nnngh!"  Props kicked a console along the wall shut and leaned against an instrument panel, panting.  "The icky wicky thing's gonna run out of Frost Wyrm blood juice soon anyway!  Until Dashie somehow forages up another one, we're going to have to heat ourselves up with your hay noodle soup!"

	"Yeah.  About that."  Ebon winced.  "I can't be cooking that stuff forever.  Even without a Josho on board, we'll be running out by week's end."

	"Well, here's hoping the skystone will take us someplace quickly enough to compensate for the Joshozoid Mass!"  Props side-stepped towards a series of levers and yanked on them.  "Okay lemon spraaaaay... That should about do it."

	"What are the risks of failure?"

	"Uhm... just a little bit less than the risk of blowing up."

	"Buh?"

	"Time for the signal!"  Props motioned towards the stairwell beyond the stern-side door.  "Tell Floydien I'm counting down from sixty!"

	"Righto..."  Ebon galloped to the doorway and leaned his muzzle into the space beyond.  "Sixty seconds!"

	Halfway up the stairwell, Eagle Eye stood.  Upon hearing Ebon's shout, he tilted his head towards the top of the chamber above.  "Sixty seconds, guys!"

	At the mouth of the stairwell, standing in the bitter chill of the morning, Josho uttered loudly, "There's the signal for one minute countdown!"

	Rainbow Dash nodded.  Spinning in her coat, she flew towards the cockpit.  "Ya hear that?  Gotta be fifty seconds at this point."

	"Yes yes yes..."  Floydien turned several knobs while simultaneously firing energy bolts from his antlers into the cockpit controls.  "Floydien hopes Nancy Jane's been exercising secretly or else this is going to be a very short trip."

	A series of loud, heavy hoofsteps ended with Josho sliding to a stop inside the cockpit, panting.  "Better shut this dayum door, elkazord.  I'm waiting for Ebon to switch dinner meals at least once before I toss myself overboard to the Frost Wyrms."

	"For spit's sake, Nancy Jane could pay Frost Wyrms with fat boomer for a boost across the Sea."

	"Knock it off, guys," Rainbow Dash grunted.  On the way out the cockpit, she kicked a lever, causing a metal door to slide shut behind the elk and the obese unicorn.  "I'll be right outside to spot ya!"  She lowered her muzzle to shout through the remaining space in the shutting door.  "Josho, if worse comes to worse, you give the shout through the crawlspace for Props to turn the skystone off!"

	Thud!

	"She must think I'm denser than frozen cat poop."

	"Twenty seconds un