”On.  Your.  Knees.”

    The other members fidgeted fearfully.  Slowly, the figure under the weapon’s sight slumped down to a nervous crouch.

    Mist wafted out from the edges of Razzar’s mask.  ”Who is strong and wise?  Speak it.”

    There was a wheezing sound.  The kneeling figure trembled before crackling forth:  ”You are, Razzar…”

    ”Razzar who?”

    ”Razzar, our strong and resourceful leader.”

    ”And do you know the cost of being weak and frail?”

    The other members all instinctively turned to stare down the kneeling figure.

    With a shudder, the member said, ”Yes, Razzar, I know the cost.”

    ”And if we were still on our ship, you would experience that cost at full force,” the leader said.  “However, we are about to undergo a most dangerous task.”  He holstered his weapon and stood tall.  “And my need for allies in the forthcoming trial supersedes the example I would have had to make of you.  Now, stand up.”

    The figure did so, hissing in shallow breaths.

    ”Do not question my strength and authority again, and maybe I will forget your tongue by the time we fly to freedom.”

    “Yes, Razzar, leader.”  The figure bowed slightly.  ”I am grateful for your mercy.”

    ”Don’t waste your breath, especially with insincerity.”  Razzar pointed with a gloved finger.  ”Busy yourself with contacting Vaughan.  Inform him about the mission we are about to undergo.  If the winds abide, we may have to rely on air support.”

    ”Understood.”

    ”The rest of you, make sure your weapons are in perfect order.  We will need them at fully functioning capability for the hour to come.”

    As Razzar continued pacing, Props and Prowse looked over from a distance.

    Props blinked.  “Wowsers.  They certainly don’t buck around.”

    “How’d you pick up these sods to begin with?” Prowse asked.

    “Actually, they tried to pick you up.”  Props winced, blushing.  “Well, erm, the other you, I mean.”

    “So they were trying to do your crew a favor?”

    “Yup yup yup!  That is… until they started chasing and shooting at us.”

    Prowse scratched his scruffy chin.  “I’m afraid I don’t know what to make of them.”

    “Me neither.”  Props spun with bright blue eyes.  “But they totally seem super helpful right now, huh?”

    Prowse smirked.  “Look how brave my little Propsicle has become, trusting lizards in masks.”

    “Oh, I haven’t gotten a spine yet!  But give it a few ticks!”  Props leaned in, gave Prowse’s cheek a peck, and leaned back.  “Whelp…”  She slid her goggles over her eyes.  “It’s been groovy, Unky Prowsy, but I gotta get my Dash-Dash on!”

    “Huh?!”  Prowse glanced between the mare and the other clusters of ponies preparing for the expedition.  “Lassie, you can’t be serious!  You barely have anything to defend yourself with!”

    “Like soot-bugs, I don’t!”  She waved a heavy wrench around, smiling with a dangling tongue.  “I can loosen some wicked nuts, if you know what I mean!  Heehee!”

    “If you’re going with this crazy bunch of buggers, then so am I!”  Prowse hobbled towards where his partially constructed prosthetic lingered.  “Just let me fetch my boomstick--”

    “To do what?”  Props shrugged.  “Ain’t much of a boomstick if it can’t go boom yet!”

    “Just give me a few miracle minutes to tweak it!  I’ll be there by your side, lickety-split, to blast bug-ponies senseless!”

    “Unky Prowsy…”  Props yanked him back by his tail then supported him before the three-legged stallion could fall over.  “I’ll be okay.  I’m a big filly now!”

    “I know, but--”

    “No you don’t.”  Props gulped.  “And… And I-I can’t even begin to explain it.  But I’ve grown in a zany bunch of places and it’s high time I owned up to it.  I can’t hide inside Nancy Jane’s womb forever, expecting Dashie to do all of