 the flank kicking on her lonesome!”

    Prowse gaped at her.  He then snickered.

    “What?” Props peach muzzle scrunched up.

    “Nothing, lass.”  He caressed her cheek and blonde bangs.  “Just never thought there’d come a day where I couldn’t understand what you’re babbling about.”

    “Heeheehee…”  Props leaned in and nuzzled him.  “It’s okay, Unky Prowsy.  Just stay here.  Get your boomstick back in order.  Defend Queeny over there.”

    Props glanced over at the Xonans.  “I think they can bloody well protect themselves…”

    “They don’t know how lucky they are to have you around.  Nopony knows…”  She lingered, muzzle quivering.  “... how lucky I am…”

    He turned to gaze silently at her.

    She sighed, smiling with slightly foggy goggles.  “Even if the same thing happens to all of us that happened to Pilate, I’m glad I got a chance to see your silly beard again.”

    “Heh, yeah, well, I haven’t had the chance to grow the damned thing out.”

    “Something to look forward to!”  Props said as she saluted and bounded across the hold.

    On the other side of the compartment, Arcshod and a few fellow Xonans bowed before Lasairfion, murmuring words of fealty.  Lasairfion smiled gently.  With a telekinetic tug, she urged them back onto their hooves and imparted wisdom and encouragement.  After a final bow, Arcshod briskly turned around.  His eyes twitched, and he followed the movement of a blue pegasus trotting in from the recesses of the place.

    Everypony watched from a distance while Rainbow Dash carried the changeling towards the abandoned edge of the hold.  There, she squatted besides one of the fresh windswept holes torn in the floor of the place.

    “Hey… here we are, buddy.”  Rainbow Dash slid the changeling off her shoulders and reached out to flex its wings with her hooves.  “After talking to me, you should have enough strength to fly.”  She smiled.  “Don’t pretend that you can’t.”

    The shape-shifter looked up at her with dim green eyes.  “Fly…?”

    “Yes.  As in freedom.  Grace.  Life.”  She pointed out the hole.  “Go give it a shot.  I promise, even hurricane force winds are a sight better than the crap you’ve been made to go through.”

    “Rainbow, everypony looks ready to go,” Aatxe said from behind her.  “I’d better go check on Seclorum and the others.”

    “Yeah…”  Rainbow nodded towards him as he trotted off.  “You do that.”  She suddenly felt a tug on her mane hair.  Losing her balance, she slumped over, only to be caught in the changeling’s embrace.

    ”Shhhhhh…”  The changeling stared straight into her eyes, then extended its forelimb.

    Rainbow Dash quietly looked at it.

    Before the pegasus’ eyes, the exoskeleton turned to a blue coat.  Then, like a zipper, a laceration opened. The juices inside changed color from green to red, the flowed openly out of the “cut.”  The changeling turned its forelimb around and around, allowing the blood to seep all around the flesh.  It even gave the hoof a shake, allowing the blood to splatter in a tiny puddle across the floor.  Then, just as quickly as the display happened, the flesh closed up on its own, and turned back to its immaculate black shell.  The juices on the floor remained red.

    Rainbow’s jaw dropped.  She gazed in shock at the changeling.

    The creature merely stared back, silent and deadpan.

    “Why…”  Rainbow murmured beneath her breath.  “Why are you sh-showing me this?”

    The thing leaned forward, nuzzled her cheek, and whispered into her ear, “Because you’re the kind one.”  It leaned back, smiled nervously, then fell backwards.

    Rainbow jerked.

    But the changeling was gone.  It plunged into the winds beneath the building, spread its wings, and disappeared into the rainy gusts.

    Rainbow Dash slumped back on her haunches, her chest pounding and her wings drooped.

    “Alright, everypon