y!” Seclorum’s voice shouted.  “Let’s get this over with!  It’s now or never!”

    Rainbow Dash jumped in place, gnawing on her bottom lip.  Her eyes darted between all of the shuffling, wandering, murmuring bodies in the room.  There were so many equine shapes, and all of them obscured by dim torchlight and fear.  In a pale slump, she stood back up and trotted away from the holes in the floor.

		//------------------------------//
		// Chief Engineer of Bringing Pain		//------------------------------//

	Red lines.

	Fluctuating.

	Intersecting and crossing against infinite blackness.

	Pilate heard himself panting, hyperventilating.  His body shivered and he curled his legs to his chest.

	And yet the red lines stayed the same.

	The cloud of unconsciousness finally faded.

	An instinct hit him, something the zebra hadn't obeyed in as long as he could remember.

	Pilate opened his eyes.

	The red lines were still there, same as when his eyes were closed.

	"What... wh-what...?"  His voice had a dull echo to it.  It occurred to him that he wasn't paying attention to what was in the background.  His ears twitched to life, detecting rain, footsteps, a muffled voice.  He hadn't noticed before because of the sensory overload.  But what senses?  "Where am I?"  He gulped.  "Am I dead?  Belle... Bellesmith, beloved...?"

	He realized that he was lying on his side.  With a groan, the zebra sat up. 

	The red lines twisted and turned, startling him.

	As Pilate jolted back, he felt a weight on his head, hanging over his brow and just above his nose.  Anxiously, he reached a hoof up to his skull.  As he did so, a dense mosaic of red lines and concentric circles loomed just off his muzzle.  Before he could react to this, his hoof came into contact with solid metal.  He held his breath, feeling a curved helm over the upper half of his skull.  As the shivers increased, he felt back along his cranium, sensing that the object was strapped to his head.  His hoof ran into an array of jagged objects, tiny—like crystals.  At last, a thick series of fibers ran down from the back of the helm, draped along his neck, and ended in a small spherical object attached to the center of his dormant O.A.S.I.S choker.

	"A manasphere?" he muttered.  "But... mine was left on the Noble Jury..."

	He heard another echo—one belonging to a voice that wasn't his own.

	Footsteps came closer.  A cluster of red lines and hashes appeared, forming a singularity.

	Without thinking, Pilate tilted his head towards the source.  That's when he saw a dark crimson shadow set against a chaotic backdrop of vertical red lines.  He gasped, shuffling backwards like a frightened colt.  He felt sweat forming beneath the helm attached to his skull.  As he shut his blind eyes, he was alarmed to still sense the red display in front of him.

	"How in Spark's name...?"  Pilate murmured beneath his breath.  "I... I can see...?"

	There was no way the moving thing in front of him couldn't have heard the zebra, and yet the figure kept pacing, shuffling on quiet limbs against the constant roar of rain and wind.

	Gulping, Pilate stood up on wobbly knees.  He felt bruises from the fight that preceded his capture.  His body was numb in its extremities, no doubt from the effects of a drug.  Nevertheless, he pressed forward, inching his way towards the far end of the corridor.  He followed the sound of the rain, tilting his head down in an attempt to blot out the red lines bending and wobbling before him.  It was all too much to take-in at once.  He cursed not being able to eliminate the crimson mosaic altogether, and continued to inch his way past the pacing figure.

	As he came within earshot, the tell-tale sound of a crackling speaker could be heard, broadcasting the stranger's voice in an eerie fashion.

	"Yes, I understand," he said, shuffling just a few naked feet from where Pilate was currently sneaking.  "I almost have the engine fixed, but I fear it won't be enough to get us past the gale force winds."

	"Do what y