igure lunged again, stabbing at the zebra with full force.
		//------------------------------//
		// Doesn't Take Changelings to Change		//------------------------------//

	Cl-Clank!  The blade lopped off a few of Pilate's tail hairs.

	Hissing beneath his breath, the zebra spun about.  His blind eyes rolled, and yet he sensed a distorted field of red lines intersecting in front of him.  The crimson pattern coalesced, denoting a figure charging straight towards the stallion, leaping, and swinging a blade attached to his left arm.

	Pilate ducked again, jumped to the side, and strafed awkwardly.  Only then did he notice a solid pattern about the lines.  He saw parallel horizontal planes and several vertical pillars.  Beyond such geometry was a chaotic miss-mash of pattering red dots.  A room, he concluded, with the rainy maelstrom of Stratopolis beyond...

	"Hresssssh!"  A reptilian hiss crackled to his left.

	Pilate whimpered and jumped back, tripping on his hooves.  He fell on his haunches with a grunt.  The world distorted in a flash of crimson.  When it reformed, he saw the figure of the Lounge's engineer directly in front of him, his body crouched low in a predatory stance.

	"Please.  I did not augment you to be so damnably anticlimactic, you stupid horse!"  The figure stalked towards him, slinking sideways with cat-like grace.  "That's what you are, you realize.  A ridiculously silly creature that stands out in the gray rain.  I wonder if you even know how garish your stripes are."  The attacker's blade dragged threateningly across the ground.  "Would you like me to describe what your entrails look like?  Hresssssh!"  He pounced.

	"Guhh!"  Pilate rolled to the side and sprang forward as soon as his four hooves had leverage.  The assailant's blade came down swiftly, and it grazed the zebra bloodily across his flank.  "Aaaaaugh!"  Pilate stumbled and collapsed against a pillar, wincing for breath.  "Mmmmmmgnnnh... Sp-Spark!"

	"Yes... call to your pagan deities..."  With cold-blooded footsteps, the reptile inched his way towards Pilate's rear.  "I'll devour the fire of their myths from your still-beating heart."  The masked cretin's speaker crackled, "And I'll make a shrine to them out of your bones."

	Thunder rolled.  Pilate's vision went blood red, then faded—a result of flashing lightning.  When everything came back into focus, he heard the rushing air from the attacker's leap.

	Breathless, Pilate juked to the left.  The lizard landed to his right, then hooked an arm out, grabbing Pilate by the back of his neck.

	With a cry, Pilate swiveled and bucked both rear hooves into the figure's rib cage.

	The attacker barely budged.  "Hrshhhhh!  You call that an attack?"  The flat of its blade slammed across Pilate's skull.

	"Aaaugh!"  Pilate stumbled sideways through a mess of wildly jagged red lines.  Barely two seconds later, he received an elbow to the chest, followed by a violent uppercut to his chin.

	"You are pathetic!"  The engineer shouted, constantly kicking and pummeling Pilate like he was a sack of meat.  "You are weak!  Even with the gift of sight, you are a frail shadow of a stallion!  Why should I even bother to hunt you?!  Your meat couldn't fill one plate... much less the table for Razzar and his brothers!"

	Pilate fell to his knees, spitting up blood and shuddering from head to tail.  He doubled over in pain, clutching himself as the figure paced across the tiny enclosure.

	Lightning flashed, clearing in time for Pilate to spot the lizard's pacing figure.  It was then that Pilate realized something.  The footsteps of the figure were sounding off behind him, and yet—through the crimson field of jagged lines—he could still see his attacker with perfect clarity.  The zebra suddenly felt as though he was sitting in the center of a spherical room with his skull as the center of gravity.  He panted in even breaths, mesmerized and horrified all at once.

	And that's when the creature said, "No, you pathetic little cur!  The hunt does not end with you.  I will find