 your friends... your mate.  And I will eat of their bones too."

	Pilate's teeth clenched.  He fumed and fumed harder...

	"Let's just hope they at least put up a fight."  The blade raised overhead.  "I'd hate for them to disappoint me as much as you..."

	Suddenly, Pilate knew when and where to fling his hooves.  He twisted to his side and swung both forelimbs high, positioning them where the back of his head was a second ago.  Cl-Clank!  With perfect ease, he clasped onto opposite sides of the blade's hilt and wrenched it from the figure's grasp.

	The reptile stumbled backwards, surprised.

	"Rrrrrrrrrrghhhh—"  Pilate bolted onto his hooves and galloped towards the mesh of crimson circles.  The figure tried dodging to the left, but Pilate could already sense the movement from the coiling of the cretin's lower legs.  "—raaaaaaaugh!"  He jumped where the red lines led him, plowing the cloaked figure's body to the granite.

	Struggling, the Lounge member wrapped his arms around Pilate's neck.

	Without hesitation, the zebra slammed his knees into the creature's chest, knocking the wind from his lungs.  He then swung hard, slamming one hoof viciously across his opponent's silver mask.  The metal surface dented, and the reptile finally reciprocated with a blow to Pilate's chin, allowing him the space to scurry away and escape.

	But Pilate wasn't having any of it.  "Grrgghhh!"  He leapt again, slamming his weight down onto the figure's back.  He repeatedly smacked and pummeled the creature's shoulders.  "Do not... threaten... my beloved!"  He lunged forward, biting for flesh—ripping through cloak and fabric instead.  "Rggghhh!  You want meat?!  Let's find out what naga tastes like—"

	With extraordinary calm, the figure uttered, "I'm afraid neither of us will enjoy the sentiment."  Something whipped hard into Pilate's chest.

	Startled by the blow, Pilate stumbled backwards on uneven hooves.

	The figure flipped up, landed in a slide on all fours, and produced a manarifle—training it directly at Pilate's figure.

	"Come onnnnn!"  Pilate hollered, his nostrils flaring as adrenaline coursed through his whole body.  "You've had enough, you brutish coward?!"

	"Charming vocabulary as always, but the battle is over, Pilate."

	"Like blazes it is!"  Pilate dragged a hoof against the floor and charged the crimson figure.  "Let's see how easily your tail comes off—"

	Kapow!  A manablast blew up a piece of floor in front of Pilate, forcing the zebra to stop.  "I said it's over!" the engineer growled, suddenly panting through his crackling mask.  "And as much as I hate to admit, it's for my own safety as well as yours."

	"Wh-what...?!"  Pilate panted and panted.  He found himself squinting, as if that would somehow make the anomalous shape before him clearer.  "I... I don't understand..."

	"It's quite simple, really.  I had to make sure the O.A. works, so I needed a reason for you to try murdering me as bloodily as possible."

	Pilate gulped.  "O.A.?"

	"Ocular Array.  A Searonese invention.  Leave it to the Lounge to steal anything they can get their scales on.  Of course..."  The figure reached up and stripped its mask off.  Pilate sensed several fibrous strands peeling out from the creature's cloak, rattling together with tiny metallic clinks.  "...if I had known a breeder like you packed such a punch, I would have lowered the neurological frequency so that I could have had more of a chance in close quarters."  Two dense circles hovered in the center of a face made out of cold, rigid lines.

	Of course, Pilate's jaw had long dropped by now.  "Roarke...?"

	
		//------------------------------//
		// To Survive, Make Your Time		//------------------------------//

	"You've proven that you're more than capable of utilizing the Ocular Array in both navigation and defense."  Roarke rubbed her bruised limbs through the fabric of her Lounge cloak.  Her eye-lenses pistoned in and out to shake off the loose droplets of rain.  "Finally, I can be in two places at once."  She marched b