riskly past Pilate and approached a series of satchels in the far corner.  "We haven't much time.  I have enough fuel in my manapack to transport us both to the inner structure before I make my necessary return to Razzar's ship."

	"But... it... that..."  Dazed, Pilate spun and gawked at her through his bulky black helm.  "Roarke!  Don't brush this all off like it's any other day!  You're here!  I can see you..."  His muzzle quivered.  "I can see!  What in Spark's name—"

	"It's not so much sight as it is a contextual interpretation of superficial matter positioned around you," Roarke droned while rummaging through her pack of things.  "Granted, it's not nearly as intricate or precise as the device your mate invented, but she can be thanked partially for this.  The O.A. is utilizing the runic plate on your skull.  That's how I was able to localize the field so you could accurately perceive things within proximity of—"

	"Blast it, Roarke!  Slow down for a second!"  Pilate waved his forelimbs.  "You're here!  You're alive!"  He fidgeted, then felt the fresh cut on his backside.  "You tried to kill me!"  He snarled.

	"Nonsense," the metal mare droned, picking up a bundled-up cluster of fabric.  "If I would have desired your violent demise, I would have easily gutted you like a pig the very moment I captured you and filled you with a paralyzing agent."

	"Paralyzing agent?!"

	"Are you yet feeling an intense and unbearable migraine?"

	"Intense and unbearable—?!"  Suddenly, Pilate shivered from tail to head.  "Gaaaaugh!"  He fell to his knees, clutching at the helm over his skull.  "Ghhhhnnghh—sweet merciful melons!"

	"Ah.  Right on time."  Roarke trotted towards him on three legs, holding the bundle under her left forelimb.  "That should be the last wave of neuro-sensory feedback.  The first two happened while you were paralyzed, which is why you avoided the common side effect of intense dry heaving."

	"Nnngh... pl-please... tell me th-that this isn't bolted to my cranium!" Pilate hissed and whimpered.

	"And rob your mate the chance of nuzzling your square, masculine muzzle again?  Hmmph.  I've learned a thing or two over the past months, believe it or not."  She reached forward.  "Here, hold still."  And she yanked the cables attached to the back of the helm.

	Pilate gasped, sitting in a panting slump as the lights across his apparatus shorted out.  "Oh... praise the Spark..."  He gulped.  "I never thought I would be so thankful to experience utter blackness again."

	"I didn't build that thing so that you could appreciate fine art," Roarke muttered.

	"I don't understand..."  Pilate tilted his head towards her, shivering.  "What did you build it for?  Why attack me under the guise of a Lounge naga?"

	"You know, the time we spend answering your insufferable questions could instead be used for something advantageous."

	"Like wh-what...?"

	"Like blowing this Searo-forsaken place out of the sky."  Roarke shoved the bundle into his grasp.  "Here, hold this."

	"What... wh-what is this?"

	"Are you feeling the urge to vomit?"

	"Uhm... no."

	"Good."  Roarke nodded.  "Then that means you don't have an adverse reaction to direct contact with yellow skystone."

	"Yellow skystone...?"  Blindly, the zebra unfurled a length of the fabric.  Glowing amber light shone against the rain-slick granite.  He didn't react until his hoof felt the smooth glass surface of the shard held within the bundle.  "Good heavens... do you have any idea how rare this is?"

	"So do the Lounge," Roarke said with a nod, trotting back to her packs.  "And they're willing to do anything to get more of it."

	"Roarke, about the Lounge..."  Pilate winced.  "You do realize they tried to save us, right?"  His ears drooped.  "We thought we had picked up Props' Uncle as we flew across the Wastes.  Turns out it was a changeling in disguise.  Razzar's gang wanted to confiscate them.  They... they almost saved us..."

	"No," Roarke firmly said, shaking her head as she slung several satchels over her shoul