der.  "The Lounge are evil and not to be trusted."  She turned and marched firmly towards him.  "I've seen their operation from the inside out.  They traffic sentient creatures and sell them to slave markets.  They bully trade vessels and run zeppelins into watery graves.  I don't care what kind of horrible creatures we might be running into here, but no amount of darkness can make these reptilian scum-munchers any lighter than what they already are."

	"Then..."  Pilate winced, gritting his teeth.  "If they're stuck here with us... then we're in twice as much danger."  He shuddered.  "Rainbow Dash is in danger..."

	"She's been in danger for a long, long time."  Roarke placed her hoof on Pilate's shoulder.  "We're losing valuable time.  We must make our way to the centermost platform."

	"Wh-what for?"  Pilate gulped.  "Aren't you pretending to be one of them?  Don't you have a ship to report to?"

	"I'll explain on the way.  However, this will be a lot easier if you could see where we're going."

	Pilate sighed, biting his lip.  "Is this going to hurt?"

	"Were all breeders born yesterday?"  She shoved the cables back into his Ocular Array.  Bzzzt!

	"Aaaaaaaugh!  Damnation!"
		//------------------------------//
		// Keep On Taking Them Turns		//------------------------------//

	"I dunno, Karl Ebon!  I really think it's something wrong with your end!"

	"My end?!"  Ebon Mane snarled, fussing with several levers in the lavender light of the Noble Jury's engine core.  "How could it possibly be from my end?!"

	Zaid's voice retorted through the intercom, "The ship keeps wanting to veer to the right!"

	"Jee, I dunno..."  Ebon snarled as he fussed with a dial.  "Nnnngh... c-could it be that you're the one constantly turning it to the right?!"

	"But it's wanting to turn even harder, though!"

	"Then compensate for it!"

	"I've tried!  But if I jerk a little too much to the left, we'll be caught up in the outer cloud wall and be torn to shreds!"

	"Then try not to jerk it so much!"  Ebon's eyes crossed and he shook his muzzle.  "What I mean is—Nnnnngh!  Wanna switch places, Zaid?"

	"What would that accomplish?"

	"I dunno."  Ebon leaned against a lever, sighing.  "Maybe both of us just need a rest or something."

	"You fancy yourself a regular NEIGHSCAR driver?"

	"...the buck?!  No!  What does that even mean?!"

	"I think it means you need to stick to salad tossing and I need to be the stallion who sticks to displaying inexplicably competent piloting skills."

	"Unnnnnngh..."  Ebon slumped against the lever, moving it a little.  "I give up."

	"Whoah dayum!  What'd you just do?!"

	"What?!  What?!"  Ebon tilted back, shivering.  "Did I blow us up?!  Pl-please say I didn't just blow us up!"

	"No no!  That's good!  Whatever you just did, do it some more!"

	"You mean panic wildly?!"

	"No, the other thing!"

	Ebon grunted, shoving the one lever all the way.  "You m-mean... th-this...?"



	A groaning noise issued throughout the pipes and conduits of the Noble Jury.  In the pilot's seat, Zaid gripped the controls, grinning to himself as he found the turbulence lessening.  The console around him rattled a bit less, then fell to a relaxing calm.

	"Therrrrrrrrrre she crowns.  Such a pretty rabbit in its hole."

	"Huh?!"

	"Ahem.  Sorry.  Had a Bluish Carrol flashback."

	"Zaid, it isn't nice to lose me while you're in the process of losing me."

	"Whatever you did, it's made this ride nineteen percent cooler."

	"Wow... that's... uhm... an odd number."

	"Yeah, well, I farted out the remaining one percent an hour ago when I had to fly us through a gaping hole in a shattered temple."

	"You did WHAT?!"

	"D'uhmmm... f-forget I said anything!  Just have yourself a little squat down there and take a breather!  Oh, and check on ragdollette when you get a chance.  Make sure she isn't flooding the observation room with drool."  Zaid slapped the intercom, switching it off.  His eyes instantly darted back to the stormy field ahead.  "Phweeeeee... Paging Mr. 