Floyd with a collect call.  Now would be a good time to wake back up, you big fuzzy wuzzy."  He glanced aside at the large round structure that the Noble Jury was orbiting at a distance.  "I could totally use someone with landing experience... and phallic antlers."



	"It's..."  Pilate's muzzle quivered as he hobbled alongside Roarke.  A long granite plain stretched before them, flanked by marble columns shattered by impacts with other temples.  "It's all so cluttered."  He tilted his head about while rain pelted on his helm, his body, and the structures all around him.  "And yet it's like I can see forever.  Every single rain drop and cracked surface..."

	"Try to focus on specific details in front of you," Roarke said.  "The Ocular Array was originally built by Searonese bounty hunters to detect movement of their prey in the dark.  I'm guessing that the Lounge stumbled upon technology abandoned by my long lost sisters who took their hunting expeditions east.  It's the kind of thing that would serve the naga well in these dense, cloudy wastes."

	"And just what was it that convinced you to try hooking this thing up to my skull?"

	"Stop leaning against me!" Roarke hissed, stepping to the left.

	Pilate stumbled, wincing.  "But!  B-but I need to—"

	"No, you don't," Roarke grunted.  "You need to see on your own.  There is much to do here in this mess.  I can't be in two places at once, but with you on my side, we can make a difference."

	"With what?"  Pilate actually bothered to glance at the bundle in his grip.  The red lines of his "vision" pierced the fabric, outlining the smooth shard of skystone that he was carrying.  "Won't the Lounge have your pelt once they discover that 'Vaughan' had stolen this from their engine?"

	"I hope to be through with them long before that happens," Roarke said.  "Living among the reptiles isn't exactly conducive to relaxation."  Her muzzle tightened while her eye-lenses retracted.  "I watched first-hoof as Razzar stripped one of his colleagues, wounded him in the neck, and then threw him to the claws and teeth of the rest of the crew... who promptly devoured him."  She sighed out her nostrils.  "Believe me, breeder, it's difficult to dig one's muzzle deep into the quivering intestines of a dying lizard and fake cannibalism."

	"Why in Spark's name would Razzar do that to one of h-his own kind?!"

	"Because he was 'weak,'" Roarke grunted.  "It's a sentiment I've understood all too well in my days among the Searonese.  Only, this time..."  Her voice trailed off.

	"'This time' what?"

	She grimaced, then frowned.  "It doesn't matter.  The point is, the Lounge are dangerous and unpredictable.  Admittedly, they possess many strong attributes, but they've been working under the dominating fear and pressure of Razzar for so long that all they can do is lead travellers of the Wastes to ruin.  And now that they're here—in this city—I fear that they could cause as much damage if more so than the changelings."

	"Are you sure you're not just making a subjective argument after having blended with them for so long?"

	"Trust me.  Although it's likely the goal of Rainbow and the others to escape this place, there is no way on Searo's green earth that we can leave it floating here for the Lounge to acquire."

	"Acquire?  You m-mean they want to do something with this abominable city?!"

	"They don't chase changelings just for sport, breeder.  The Lounge torture these creatures, mutilate them, feed them pieces of their own insides—anything to get them to betray information that's only supposed to belong to the brood's hive mind.  As of now, Razzar's gathered enough knowledge to realize that this place can be piloted."

	"Piloted?  You mean like a vessel?"

	"Precisely.  At first, I thought that by infiltrating the Lounge—I would learn all about the potential hazards of the Wastes.  Turns out they're just as dangerous as the changelings themselves.  But... there's something more."

	"More?"

	"A third party.  Something potentially more dangerous."