

	"Even more dangerous than the Lounge and the changelings?!"  Pilate almost tripped in mid-speech.  "Roarke, you're going to murder my h-heart at this rate.  What kind of a third party?"

	"Only the changelings know, but Razzar was capable of extracting a vague idea from the shape-shifters he interrogated.  Whatever this danger is, it lies deep in the heart of this city."

	"And what's the Lounge's goal?  To unleash this evil?"

	"No."  Roarke shook her head.  "But whatever they seek is somewhere beyond it.  The Lounge is willing to risk anything to achieve their goal, even if it means the ruination of all the survivors clinging to the platforms of this mess."

	"That's... quite horrible."

	"Yes."  Roarke nodded.  "In my short life, I've endeavored to be vicious and I've even attempted virtue, but nothing sickens me more than innate ambivalence."

	"Then that's what we're here to do, huh?"  Pilate tilted his helm towards her.  "We're going to use this skystone to prevent the Lounge from unleashing some sort of evil just to pilot the city?"

	"No.  We're going to pilot the city ourselves."

	Pilate nearly collapsed.  "What?!  But... but I-I thought you just said—"

	Roarke glanced towards him.  "I didn't suggest we were going to pilot it somewhere safe."

	Pilate gaped at her.  "You wish to destroy Stratopolis."

	"Precisely."

	Silence.

	"How swiftly c-can I be of service to this mission?" Pilate asked.

	"Trot faster."

	"Yes, ma'am."  And the two galloped straight ahead.
		//------------------------------//
		// In All the Wrong Places		//------------------------------//

	"There."  Roarke pointed towards the rain-slick edge of the platform.  "That's the perfect location."

	"For what?" Pilate asked in mid-sprint.

	"For making our jump to the central core of this place."

	Pilate's helm rattled atop his head.  "J-jump?"

	"Relax, breeder," Roarke droned as the two slowed to a stop along the platform's edge.  The temple was slowly revolving, pivoting to face the round structure in the center.  "I'll be doing the legwork for both of us.  This suit I'm wearing has enough fuel in it to provide the thrust for both of us for a short time.  I'll carry you over and then you're on your own."

	"Allow me to guess," Pilate droned.  "More Searonese technology that the Lounge stole?"

	"I'm afraid not.  This technology is beyond me.  Probably something stolen from Alafreo or a place even further east."

	"You've heard of Alafreo?"

	"I've heard of a lot of things."

	"That's just... remarkable, Miss Roarke..."

	"Hmmm?"

	He tilted his helm towards her.  "All this time, you were stealing a place on board Razzar's ship, spying and gathering intelligence."

	"Well, I most certainly wasn't entering a beauty contest," Roarke grumbled.

	"How did you manage it?"

	"Excuse me?"

	"I mean... they're not exactly equines and they know each other like brothers."  Pilate glanced aside as the central structure slowly swung into proximity.  "How did you manage to infiltrate their ranks in the first place?  I mean, with one glance, they would have realized you didn't exactly have scales..."

	"You can thank—or blame Quezaat for that."

	"Uhm... Quezaat?"

	"Yes.  The naga God of Skin and Scales," Roarke explained.  "Every naga ship carries a copy of the ancient Quezaatian Scrolls, and one of the holy text's most important rules is the sanctity of the reptilian body."

	"Meaning...?"

	"It's considered a mortal sin to bear one's flesh to another naga, hence why the Lounge's entire society is constantly wearing thick fabrics and silver masks to obscure their figures.  If they allow one another to even see their faces, then they must masochistically peel the flesh from two of their own fingers and say a ritualistic chant for one whole week."

	"Wow..."  Pilate fidgeted.  "That's certainly... uhm... convenient."

	"Yes."  Roarke nodded, her eye-lenses reflecting the large structure looming ahead.  "As soon as I replaced Vaughan at an eastern Xonan outpost, I was able