til glimmer spectacle," Floydien grumbled aloud, his red eyes spotting various dials needling their way to their highest energy readings.  "Blonde boomer is a smart boomer, but if she tears Nancy Jane to shreds—Floydien swears to pears..."

	"Hey... relax..."  Josho smirked with a calm expression.  "Of all the morons on board this ship, she's the one with the tightest grasp on what she's doing—"

	Vrmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm—POWWWWWW!  The engines exploded into full power.  The skystone shard above the ship's gondola flashed like a second sun, sending sparkling reflections rivuleting across the Sea towards every horizon.  Burning forward in a red streak, the Noble Jury swiftly became a red splotch along the eastern sky, leaving a flabbergasted Rainbow Dash hovering by her lonesome.

	"Luna poop!"  Rainbow Dash's voice cracked.  Wincing, she flapped her wings and rocketed desperately after the runaway vessel.
		//------------------------------//
		// See the World, She Said		//------------------------------//

	The Noble Jury shot ahead like a fiery red cannon.  It took every ounce of Rainbow's strength to so much as keep the vessel within her line of sight.  She found herself naturally ascending, as if in expectation of the skystone ship somehow burning its way past the natural vanishing point.

	A pocket of violently displaced air rippled ahead of her, toying with her feathers and throwing her flight off balance.  Nevertheless, she glided east as speedily as her wings could afford her.

	The Noble Jury weaved left and right.  Rainbow judged that Floydien was attempting to create wind drag and slow the vessel's eastbound approach.  Still, it grew more and more distant, and Rainbow as at a loss to catch up.

	She was only just starting to panic when something truly drastic set in.  Without warning, the world around her spun.  Rainbow's startled mind attempted to explain what was going on:  a wind gust?  A tidal wave?  A stray comet hitting the ocean?

	Then, by the fourth blink, Rainbow Dash understood completely.  Her body jolted in mid-air, quivering uncontrollably.  Wave after wave of dizziness rippled through her being, the first time in several days.  Wincing, she slowed her flight into a casual drift, flapping her wings for the sole purpose of keeping aloft.  She winced, and her tearing eyes flickered yellow on red before flashing back to their normal ruby luster.

	"Never good t-timing... never g-good..."  She wheezed, voice cracking as she struggled to fly upright.  "Come on, keep it together.  K-keep it..."

	Her eyes rolled back.  With a wheezing exhale, her body went numb—as did her wings.  She plummeted towards the Frozen Sea below.



	"Spit!"  Floydien grunted, gripping the ship's controls with a pair of tight, cloven hooves.  "Spit spit spit spit spit!"

	"Care to put your brain where your muzzle is?!" Josho shouted, leaning against the edge of the cockpit for support.  "How do we stop this dayum thing?!"

	"Floydien has a good mind to throw fat boomer into the engine and blow a gasket!"

	"Cute."  Josho threw himself—grunting—against the floor and virtually stuck his head down the crawlspace.  "Hey!  [h]Heeeey!  Shut it off!  We're leaving Miss Paint Bucket in the dust!"

	Indecipherable shouts dripped down the rattling bulkheads.

	"I said!"  Josho frowned.  "Get that goggled brainazoid to cut the engines!  We'll end up in flames if we continue this interstellar loogey impersonation!"

	"Gnnngh!"  Eagle Eye stumbled into view two decks down.  His lavender face looked up.  "Old stallion!  Tell Rainbow Dash that we need another three minutes of flight before we can recalibrate the engines for the next test!"

	"Gonna be a little hard to do that, seeing as she checked out, sugar flanks!" Josho snarled back.

	Eagle Eye blinked.  His face paled.  "Oh cat nuggets!"  With a whimpering squeak, he scampered back the way he came, dove through the navigation room, and flung the heavy door back open to the engine compartment.  "Cut it off!  Cut it off!"

	"But... I-I gotta 