 to masquerade as him on board the Lounge's ship without any of the naga suspecting me or having a reason to.  The only thing I love more than stupid creatures is a religion that makes them even stupider."  She pointed forward.  "Here's our destination.  We must hurry."

	"Quick question.  Exactly what am I supposed to do with this?" Pilate asked, patting the bundled shard in his grasp.  "You've given me ample exposition on every topic but the immediate concern at hoof."

	"That is the key to bringing about the end of Stratopolis."

	"And a key is nothing without a driver who knows what he's doing."  Pilate frowned under his mask.  "Miss Roarke, vision or no vision, I refuse to go any further until I am better informed."

	The metal mare sighed.  "I only know two things, both of which were extracted from tortured shape-shifters courtesy of Razzar.  Number one.  Stratopolis has an operating room located within the very heart of this building before us.  Number two.  Within that room, there are five platforms:  one in the center and four for each cardinal direction.  It's presumed that skystone shards were positioned on the outer four and then relocated to the center in order to make Stratopolis fly to one of the edges of the world."

	"How exactly does that work?"

	"I'm not sure.  What I am sure about is that the north edge of the world—beyond the standard red fare—has unique clusters of yellow skystone, like the type that you're currently carrying."

	"So if I was to reach the control room and place this very piece on the center dais..."

	"You're a smart enough breeder to know where this is going on your own."

	Pilate gulped.  "Yes, I suppose I do."

	"We've wasted too much time," Roarke said, grabbing him while the rear of her outfit hummed to life.  "We must get moving."

	"One m-more thing, though!" Pilate sputtered, trembling in her grasp.  "From what Rainbow reported, the center portion of this place is sealed off!  How am I supposed to get anywhere near the control room?  Especially with changelings everywhere?"

	"I'm certain that a way to the control room will be made accessible soon."

	"How so?"  He clenched his teeth.  "Do you intend to crash the Lounge's ship into the barricade?"

	"No, for I do believe somepony besides us has the means of opening the last barrier to the core."

	"Somepony b-besides us...?"  Pilate's jaw hung open.  "Rainbow Dash."

	"Precisely."  Roarke nodded, then fired the thrusters in her suit.  "Now hang on!"

	Pilate did so, wincing.  The two propelled themselves off the platform's edge and soared towards the outer rim of the central platform.



	Bellesmith lurched to a stop, her coat and mane drenched as she leaned against a piece of zeppeling wreckage positioned along the outer balcony of the large building.

	"Did... did you hear that...?"

	Elma stirred, her limbs curling and uncurling as she shivered across Belle's backside.

	The mare gulped and wiped the rainwater off her brow.  "I could have sworn that... th-that it sounded like something mana-powered..."

	Elma continued to writhe and whimper.

	Belle craned her neck back.  "Elma?"

	No response.

	"Elma!"  Panicking, Belle looked everywhere for cover.  She decided upon the hollow of the crashed zeppelin lying right in front of them.  Ducking low, she slid the two of them inside.  They found a patch of dry rusted floor beneath the mangled hull of the ship.  Lying Elma on her side, Belle squatted low and examined her face, fangs, and neck.  "Elma, speak to me.  What's wrong, darling?  Where does it hurt?"

	"It hurts..."  Elma's green eyes spilled fumes into the air.  "...everywhere."

	Belle grimaced.

	"Just... so..."  Elma squeaked and curled into a fetal position.  "So h-hungry..."  Her dragonfly wings stretched and flitted.  "So hungry th-that it hurts..."

	"I... I..."  Belle shook her head.  "I'm afraid I can't... I-I mean I don't know..."

	"Please... c-can you hold me?"  Elma looked up at her with quivering jaws.  "J-just hold me..."

	Belle sniffl