ed.  She leaned forward and cradled her arms around the changeling.  "Elma, I'm so sorry this happened to you.  I wish I understood more.  I want to ease the pain, but... b-but I have to get us out of here first..."

	"Don't be sorry, Mommy..."

	Belle twitched, her brow furrowing.  She took one look at Elma.

	The changeling's flesh had already taken on a peach coat, covered all over with dark swirling tattoo patterns.  With a sad, pouting face, Kera looked up, then leaned in to nuzzle Bellesmith's chin.  "You're so good to me.  Just stay with me here..."

	"Kera..."  Belle stammered, her ears drooping as sweat formed along her brow.  A labored breath escaped her lips.  "Kera, I've waited so long for you to say something... j-just one thing..."

	"I love you, Mommy," Kera murmured.

	Belle choked on a sob, her whole body shivering.

	Kera curled up against Belle's chest and clung tight to her.  "Don't leave me.  Please.  I'm so scared, Mommy..."

	Belle's eyes flickered green.  A gasp escaped her chest, and she shook her head with an inward growl.

	Kera's limbs squeezed Belle tighter.  "I don't want to be anywhere but with you..."

	"Kera..."  Belle whimpered.  She gritted her teeth and fought the green energy flickering through her skull.  "Elma," she growled.

	"Don't leave me, Mommy—"

	"Elma, stop!"  Belle shoved the filly hard.

	Kera rolled over and collapsed against a rattling wall of metal, instantly turning into the frazzled changeling.

	Belle slumped down onto her chest like a wounded animal.  She wheezed, coughed, and took a few moments to fight a wave of pain.  Tears ran down her face as she quietly sobbed, but even that was fought with strong resolve.  At last, she pushed herself back up to her hooves, glaring down at Elma.

	"That's not the way... that was never the way!"

	"But..."  Elma stared up, shivering.  "But you always—"

	"I know."  Belle sucked her breath in as more tears trickled down her cheek.  "And I was wrong.  Just because it felt good... just because it felt comforting to be by her side at all times..."  She bit her lip and looked away.

	Elma blinked, confused and anxious.

	Slowly, Belle trotted over.  She squatted down before the changeling, then took Elma's hooves in her own.  "Shhhh... look at me."  She tilted Elma's chin up until their gazes connected.  "If you must feed, then do so on that which is wholesome and true, not on that which is sorrowful and pathetic."

	"But..."  Elma gulped.  "You've given me a second chance, Belle.  I want to heal you."

	"I need to heal myself," Belle said.  "And the last thing I'm letting you devour is misery.  So, look at me and listen."  She gulped.  "Feel."

	Elma stared at her, eyes wide.  Slowly, those eyes turned clear while black and white stripes formed across a stallion's body.

	Belle fought the urge to sob.  Another tear ran down her cheek as she squeaked, "I am so... so sorry."  Her breaths came in pained spurts.  "It doesn't matter what mistakes you may or may not have made.  I... I was wrong."  She hyperventilated slightly, but nevertheless kept gripping Pilate's hooves.  "I felt so helpless, so confused, that I took the cowardly way out.  And... and I blamed you, Beloved."

	Pilate's ears folded back as his blind eyes went moist.

	Belle gnashed her teeth and stared at the floor.  "Everything happened so fast and so m-miserably, that I lost my center!  I gave into despair, and I didn't know who else to blame!"  She sniffled and shuddered.  "Only, I blamed myself too.  What happened to Kera was so terrible, that the only ponies who could be punished were the ones who brought her into that mess.  She's been so quiet and so lifeless for so long... I... I-I guess I felt like I had to be just as devoid of life too.  It was my burden to bare... but it was a damnably stupid sentence, because all it ever did was punish you... by putting you at a distance... and I'm sorry..."

	Pilate swallowed a lump down his throat and stammered, "So much pain... and so much anguish..."  He shook his h