ead.  "Even now, it's too dry to consume anything but misery..."

	"No."  Belle shook her head, sniffling.  "No.  Search deeper."  She took the zebra's hoof and placed it over her heart.  A painful smile lifted.  "It is just a barrier."  She winced and spat dryly, "A shell."

	Pilate's face contorted in confusion.

	Belle leaned forward and nuzzled his cheek.  "But inside, beloved, hidden from even myself, it beats for you..."

	All of the sudden, Pilate gasped, and a flash of green light flickered across his eyes.  His face melted as he collapsed in a sob.  "Oh, beloved..."

	Belle instantly cradled him, holding him tight.  "Shhhh... it's alright... it's alright..."

	"I... I-I knew..."  Pilate whimpered.  "Some way... some how... I-I always knew..."

	"And I've been a horrible pony to not reward that faith."  Belle took a deep, deep breath.  "But when I find him, I'll be hiding it no longer.  He will know—as I know—that there is still hope left."  She wiped her own cheek and smiled past the shivers.  "I just need his help in peeling the shell away.  All this time, I've been the blind one, and Spark-willing... he may still have it inside him to forgive me."

	"He... he does..."  Pilate stammered in an off-tone voice.  "I... I've felt it... even if I didn't know it at the time."

	Silence.

	At last, Belle shook the changeling's shoulder.  "Elma..."

	The shape-shifter stirred.

	"Elma Boreal..."

	Losing the stripes, the equine glanced up with a tender expression.

	Belle caressed her face.  "Do you now have the strength to continue?"

	Elma slowly, slowly nodded.  "Yes, Bellesmith."  Its black cheeks curved upwards.  "I... I-I think I can even walk now."

	"Good..."  Belle stood up and helped the changeling to her hooves.  "Though I think we both know who's really been carrying who."  She dashed out of the zeppelin, tugging Elma long with her.  "Come on!"
		//------------------------------//
		// Meanwhile, Rainbow Dash Takes Point		//------------------------------//

	Rainbow Dash poked her head out of the outermost corridor and squinted her eyes at the gray malaise swirling thickly around the center of Stratopolis.  Beyond the marble columns and airship wreckage, she spotted the remaining chunks of temple ruins floating through the rainswept clouds.  However, her immediate concern involved the cityscape directly around her.  She glanced left and right, but spot no sign of a moving shape or shadow.  As well as she could guess, the coast was clear.

	Taking a deep breath, she pivoted about on flapping wings and motioned towards herself.

	With cat-like stealth, Razzar and two other Lounge members slithered out of the corridor, aiming vibrant yellow manarifles in every direction.  They covered various points along the balcony, training their sights on every marble column and rusted bit of metal.  After a minute passed, Razzar held his gloved hand up and motioned along.

	Arcshod, Aatxe, and Seclorum trotted out, along with several Xonan and Ledomaritan equines.  Mares and stallions alike carried or levitated crossbows by their sides.  Far more emaciated and frazzled than their Lounge companions, they shivered from the cold wind and pelting rain, nervously eying the obscure temple ruins around them as they clung to their weapons.

	At last, Props, Josho and the three remaining Lounge members came out, covering the rear.  The group numbered no less than two dozen, and they formed a tight line that shuffled counter-clockwise around the broad temple exterior.

	"If I recall, the wall with the big ol' Urohringr symbol is on the far side," Rainbow Dash's voice cracked against the rumble of thunder.  "Right past—"

	"—a hollowed out manaship with rusted steam thrusters?" Aatxe said.

	Rainbow did a double-take towards the center of the line.  "Why... yeah.  Dude, do you take walks on a consistent basis or something?"

	The stallion sighed out his nostrils.  "You'd do stupid, bored things too if this place became your home for seventeen years."

	"I'm ready to make it a 