 and the group.

	
		//------------------------------//
		// Blind Will Lead the Blind		//------------------------------//

	Pilate swiveled around on his hooves, his head jerking towards the outer wall of the structure beyond the balcony.  His muzzle clenched tightly while his ears twitched on either side of the helm.

	Roarke glanced at him.  "What is it?"

	"I just..."  The stallion fidgeted.  "I-I'm not sure..."

	"Did you sense something from inside the structure?"

	"Possibly?  It's hard to say."

	"The Oracular Array's primary function is to detect movement along the visual spectrum, but it's been known to highten other senses," Roarke explained.  "You've been without sight for a long time.  It stands to reason that your smell and hearing is greatly attuned to your surroundings.  Now, buffered by the Oracular Array, however—"

	"Yes, but can I actually sense through walls?"

	"I wouldn't know."

	Pilate turned towards her.  "I thought you said this was Searonese technology."

	"Yes.  But it doesn't necessarily mean that I've utilized it myself."

	His metal brow furrowed.  "And yet you'd attach it to me?!"

	"Affirmative."

	"Roarke, just... j-just where did you get a spare manasphere to hook up to this device anyways?"

	The metal mare squirmed slightly, her facial features wincing.  "It's... best not to ask."

	Pilate was silent.

	"We've wasted enough time.  I need to return to the Lounge's ship."  She reached beneath her cloak and pulled out her mana rifle.  "Here. I've slightly augmented this to respond to equine touch."  She tossed it at the zebra.  "Feel for impressions along the central length.  A little squeeze is enough to fire a blast of electrical energy."

	Pilate snatched it in mid-air.

	Roarke continued.  "The damage output has a wide spread.  Accuracy isn't as important as versatility.  And here..."  She stripped of a satchel and tossed it to the zebra as well.  "That should help you carry the amber skystone to its destination."

	"Stratopolis' control room..."

	"Right."  Roarke nodded.  She stretched her spine, protruding the twin manathrusters of her outfit and preparing to take off.  "If I'm to believe Razzar's latest communications, then his group and the local survivors are heading towards the barricade that seals off the inner chamber.  No doubt Rainbow Dash is acting as the key to this place as we speak."

	"It all seems too easy to be true," Pilate muttered.

	"I'm inclined to agree."  Roarke nodded, then turned towards the edge of the balcony to take off.  "If there's anything in the world I've refused to trust, it's whatever's easy."

	"Which begs the question, Roarke."  Pilate took a firm breath.  "Even after you've given me sight... even after you've given me a weapon to defend myself..."  He raised his front hooves and trained the glowing stick's end towards her back.  "How do I know you're not just a changeling trying to send me on a suicide mission?"

	Roarke slowly turned around, the rainwater cascading off her lenses.

	Pilate gritted his teeth, keeping the weapon trained on her figure.

	At last, Roarke uttered, "I could ask the same of you."

	Pilate gulped.

	"We and the Lounge have a common foe... a very dangerous and unpredictable foe.  As of right now, I have no more assurance that you're you than you do that I'm me.  But let me ask you this..."  Her lenses retracted.  "Do either of us really... truly want this city to keep flying?"

	Pilate stood still.  Eventually, he lowered the staff while a sigh escaped through his nostrils.

	Roarke turned around, fired her thrusters, and zoomed out into the stormy mess.  "Also, you're holding the staff backwards!"

	Pilate blinked beneath his helm.  He held the weapon up, winced, then spun it around.  Frowning, he barked up at Roarke, "And this whole mission!  It could be a ruse as well!"

	"Then go bring the skystone to Rainbow Dash!" Roarke's voice hollered back through the winds.  "Assuming you believe that she's herself!"

	Pilate groaned.  He fidgeted where he s