tood for a minute.  At last, he stuffed the skystone bundle into the satchel, slung it around his figure, and galloped off with the aid of his helm and the staff.

	"I don't know what I prefer more... being blind or being stupid."



	"Rekkha threen siul..."  Arcshod stopped the crowd with an outstretched hoof.  His tattooed face paled as he stared up at the barricade before them.  "Urohringr..."

	The group of survivors formed a curved line facing the large stone wall.  Carved circles and spheres stretched before them, slick with moisture and rainwater.  Amber light from the Lounge's weapons illuminated the runic inscriptions that stretched between each ancient etching.

	"Wow..."  Props cooed, her ears drooping as her goggled eyes took in the sight.  "It's even bigger than I imagined it, Dashie."

	"It always is," the pegasus muttered, trotting forward until she stood within a sneeze's distance from the wall.

	"So, what now?" Seclorum muttered.

	"Time to make your magic, paint bucket," Josho said.

	"Uhm... yeah... about that..."  Rainbow Dash chuckled nervously, then hovered up on flapping wings.  "When it comes to this sort of stuff—machine worlds, runic tomes, smexy blondes—I don't exactly have an art to practicing magic.  The crud just sort of... sets itself off, y'know?"

	"No, we don't know," Aatxe said, shaking his head.  "But obviously the changelings do, because they've used your essence to move the temples around from the structure's top room!"

	"Yeah, and I get that!  But the temples are different!"  Rainbow pointed at the wall.  "I've been by here already, and I couldn't get anything to flicker or move or change then!"

	"Did you make physical contact the last time?" Razzar asked, his pale mask tilted towards her.  "It could very well be the game changer."

	"Oh, please!"  Rainbow rolled her eyes and leaned against the wall with a hoof.  "As if it could be as simple as—"

	FLASH!  The centermost ring lit up.

	Several Xonans and Ledomaritans leaned back, gasping.  Several of the Lounge tilted their masked faces in curiosity.

	"Xon!"  Arcshod stammered, his eyes widening.  "Her'lanna semiulen na'saadar Austraeoh threanna!"

	"Hey, you set off the tattooed guy!"  Props chirped.  "That's a good sign, right, Dashie?"

	"Uhm... but nothing's happening though," Rainbow Dash said, then squinted.  "Wait a second."  She traced the inner most ring.  "Only the circle on the inside is lit up."

	"Then perhaps the other two...?"  Josho began.

	"Working on it."  Rainbow licked her lips, hovering across the miniature spheres that lined the twelve segments of the inner ring.  One by one they lit up by her touch.  At last, when they were all illuminated, they spread their glow to the spheres on the outer rings, until those segments also turned bright.

	Soon, the entire barricade was afire with bright lavender energy.  Just as it was starting to blind the ponies and lizards lined up, the granite floor around them shook violently.  With a cascading cloud of dust, the wall slid straight down, retreating into the foundation of the structure.  The survivors gawked in stunned silence while the Lounge trained their weapons forward.

	"At last..."  Razzar hissed, his masked face peering into the dim, dusty corridor beyond.  "The path is set..."



	"Unnngh!" Elma collapsed, falling limply on her chest.

	Bellesmith slid across a puddle of moisture and spun around.  "Elma!"  She scampered back across the balcony and crouched at the changeling's side.  "What is it?!  What's the matter?"  She scooted over and cradled the hyperventilating creature's body.  "Please... t-talk to me!  Do you feel weak?  Do you need to feed again?"

	"No..."  Elma's green eyes fumed as she stared painfully into blank space.  "Mother... pl-please... spare them..."

	Belle blinked.  "Spare them?  Spare who?"

	Elma gulped, panted, and stared nervously into Belle's face.  "Your friends... th-they're in trouble..."

	"From who?!"  Belle's eyes narrowed.  "Changelings?"

	"No..."  Elma gulp