ed and shook her head.  "Something worse..."
		//------------------------------//
		// A Dash From the Past		//------------------------------//

	Josho made to step forward.

	Rainbow Dash held her hoof out.

	Josho glanced up.

	The pegasus shook her head, flapped her wings, and hovered forward.

	The two dozen survivors watched from where they stood.  Props bit her lipe while Razzar and the Lounge craned their necks, gazing in silence.

	Rainbow Dash flew into the broad corridor, her nose scrunching to the musky, stale air.  After hovering in place for a bit, she brought a hoof to her pendant and rubbed the ruby lightning bolt a few times.  A crimson glow splashed over dusty heaps of rubble before her.

	The mare's eyes narrowed.  She glanced to her right.

	There were patches of charred granite and cracks in the wall.

	She looked to her left.

	The stone surfaces were marred in several places, as if by acid burns.

	At last, she looked straight down.

	She counted three... four... five chunks of rock missing from the floor—like miniature craters.

	There were no skeletal remains.

	Rainbow Dash's jaw clenched.  Nevertheless, she looked over her shoulder, made eye-contact with Josho, and briskly nodded.

	Josho nodded back.  Levitating his shotgun alongside him, he trotted firmly forward.  Razzar and two of his associates were not far behind.  Soon enough, Props, Seclorum, Arcshod, Aatxe and the rest followed suit.

	The surviving mares and stallions glanced nervously from wall to wall.  Crossbows nearly rattled to the floor from a unicorn or two losing their concentration due to the intense silence.  While Razzar and his team marched along, undaunted, Props paused every now and then to scrutinize various details with her goggled eyes.  She rubbed her chin in thought, glanced up at the crew, then dashed back into formation with a nervous jump.

	As Rainbow Dash floated along, she pivoted to her right.  Her eyes narrowed.

	In between the random cracks and fissures, a complex mosaic loomed.  Swirling designs coalesced into the granite depiction of swirling clouds and cosmic nebulae.  Emerging from the galactic miasma, solid circles glided in distant formation.  Orbiting the outer rings of these circles, tiny globes floated.  Only—upon closer inspection—they weren't exactly spheres.  Rainbow Dash drifted close enough to a wall to see that the etchings were actually debris clouds consisting of multiple structures with a large platform located in the center.

	Rainbow Dash tongued the inside of her mouth.  She glanced towards the other wall, but it was beyond the penumbra of her glowing pendant's light.  She kicked off the right wall and flew close enough to illuminate the other.  What she saw caused her to stop in midair.

	Equine figures had been illustrated, stampeding in a herd that proceeded out from the depths of the corridor.  It took a while for Rainbow Dash to realize that the ponies weren't stampeding as much as they were flocking.  Each equine had wings, and she would have liked to have seen the etchings of their muzzles—only all of the effigies had been marred in some fashion.  Burn marks and impacts from blunt instruments had defaced them entirely.

	Rainbow raised an eyebrow, pivoted about, and darted further down the corridor before the rest of the group could pass her.

	"Tren'nalliuen dreneek'raat siul threanna," Arcshod murmured, breaking the silence.

	Aatxe nodded.  "It beats me.  I think we would have run into them by now too."

	"Into what?" Props chirped.

	"Changelings," Aatxe muttered.  "We may be big in number, but this is the perfect kind of trap."

	"Maybe the Lounge are scaring them off!" Props said through a crooked grin.  "Spark only knows they're scaring the soot out of me!"

	Arcshod's nostrils flared.  "Brendessa t'lenna thrillem hranna thiulen..."

	"Huh?" Props blinked.

	Seclorum spoke up, "We just did those shapeshifting creeps a favor by opening this place."  He turned to frown at the others.  "I doubt it's the Lounge sc