aring them."

	"It will do no one any good if we scare ourselves," Razzar said without looking back.  "Cling to your weapon if you can't cling to your courage."

	"Hey, I'm a soldier, buddy!"  Seclorum frowned.  "Thirty years and running!"

	"Running away, is more like it."

	"Why you—" Seclorum darted for Razzar's backside, only for Aatxe and Arcshod to hold him back.

	"Let it go, Secchy," Josho said.  His grizzled lips curved.  "Besides... that was a pretty good one."

	Seclorum stumbled back, muttering under his breath.

	"Maybe... uhm..."  Props galloped forward until she was within earshot of Rainbow.  "Maybe we should have had you close the door behind us, Dashie?"

	Rainbow shook her head.  "No... I don't think that's a good idea."

	"Why not?"

	Rainbow glanced at the cracks and craters and burn marks on the floor.  "Uhhhh... call it a hunch."

	Suddenly, her pendant's glow was swallowed up by pitch blackness.

	She braked in midair and held her front limbs out.  "Everypony, stop!"  A beat.  She looked over her flapping wings.  "You too, Razzarlings!"

	Razzar held a gloved fist up.  His comrades stopped, as did Seclorum and the rest of the survivors.

	Aatxe and Seclorum craned their necks to see.

	"What is it, Rainbow?" Josho asked from where he stood in the middle of the group.

	Rainbow Dash dropped down to her hooves.  The ground had given way in front of her, and an abysmal pit loomed.  She swung her body—and pendant—left to right.  She spotted the beginning of two staircases.

	"It's a stairwell, I think," she said.  "Goes down pretty far."

	"How far?" Aatxe asked, nervously.

	"I'm guessing the entire depth of the structure."  She tilted her pendant up, revealing a flat ceiling.  "And that must be right below the room that controls the temples."

	"Yes, it's all very intriguing architecture," Razzar droned as he shuffled up beneath Rainbow Dash.  "But where are the mana crystals located?"

	Arcshod cleared his throat and said, "M'lanna siulen drasta kran'adar.  Menus la'tranna kelethiuen vreen."

	"Judging from the distance Lasairfion sensed, it must be further down," Aatxe said.

	"Of course," Seclorum grunted.

	"Well, then..."  Rainbow Dash flew forward.  "Down into the heart of Stratopolis we go."

	Suddenly, Props gasped.  She flung a hoof and yelped, "Dashie, wait!"

	"H-huh?"  The pegasus glanced back, not realizing that her dangling forelimbs had traveled through a dim energy field.  Just then, bright lights illuminated from an unforeseen rig of crystals that lined the edge of the platform right before the pit.  "Aaaugh!"  She flew backwards, rubbing her eyes.

	Mares and stallions gasped in surprise.

	"By Ledo's nose hairs!"  Seclorum raised his crossbow at the blinding array.

	"Ready, brothers!"  Razzar gestured towards his companions.  "Fire as soon as you see—"

	"Will you vomittards just chill?!" Josho shouted, pointing.  "Look!  It's just a fancy light show!"

	"Nnnngh..."  Rainbow Dash rubbed her face, blinked, and squinted up.  "Huh?"

	Right then, the lights coalesced into a large translucent face.  The flickering magical projection of a mare stared down at them.  A scar ran down her muzzle while her multi-colored bangs peaked out from beneath a golden helmet.  Her coat's graying age could be seen in the luminescent patterns, along with the cold hard lines of her jaw and cheekbones as she spoke.  Despite the crackling quality of the sound sample, the booming authority of her voice rang true.

	"Stop at once.  Do not go any further."  A pair of cold blue eyes narrowed.  "Whoever you are, if you have pierced the walls of this chamber, then that can only mean one thing.  You and I share the same spirit, both in purpose as well as in practice.  But do not obey the impulsive courage that urges you to press forward, lest you wish to learn the same lesson that I did... through loss of blood and limb."

	Razzar stepped up while the message was speaking and unabashedly pressed his gloved hand through the projection.  