"Hmmm... magic luminescent construction.  And judging from the quality... a very ancient design."

	Rainbow Dash shuddered.  "Yeah... about ten thousand years ancient..."

	Props flashed her a goggled glance.  "How do you know that?"

	"I think she's about to tell us."  Rainbow gulped and bowed her head ever so slightly.  "Commander Hurricane, I presume..."

	The projection did not reply, instead thundering forth, "This door was sealed for a reason, and under my authority.  My name is Commander Hurricane of Pegasopolis.  I gave up my station as defender of the newly-formed Equestrian Alliance to see that this place remains forever untouched.  If you value your lives and that of the Harmonic Realm, do not proceed any further.  In the core of this sepulcher lies the blackest, vilest of hearts, and all you will find here is death."
		//------------------------------//
		// The Pegasus Behind the Curtain		//------------------------------//

	"Shortly before the formation of the Equestrian Union, the skies of Pegasopolis had been hounded by vicious, rampaging windigos.  My fellow brothers and sisters nearly froze to death from the cold spell that had been spreading throughout the realm.  It took many months, many lives, and many opportunities wasted by foolish pride before we realized that the solution was to embrace our fellow earth ponies and unicorns in harmony, setting aside our differences for the sake of a peaceful future of coeexistence."

	The projection of Commander Hurricane kept speaking, her glaring eyes focused on everypony and nopony in particular.  Rainbow Dash paced slowly in the air, squinting at the image as the enchanted array continued broadcasting.

	"The windigos were driven away, and our new nation began to prosper.  But then, less than two years later, there was a new wave of inclement weather, moving slowly across the Equestrian north and spreading tempests and cyclones and lightning storms.  As sworn defender of the land, I arrived with my fellow soldiers to confront this new evil.  I expected more windigos, but was surprised instead to find this city—a place far vaster and more grandiose than Pegasopolis.

	"At first, I assumed it was a relic from Pegasopolitan history, a piece of the noble city that had broken off and drifted way long before our wise record-keepers were ever foaled.  As it turned out, this city's ancient origins went far back before anypony could have even predicted.  It was certainly a place of pegasus design—but not any pegasi that I or my fellow comrades had ever met before.

	"The ponies... the creatures who built this place were exceedingly wicked.  I do not say this lightly.  As weeks went by and we continued examining this place, the more we realized that the city was nothing more than a looming death trap constructed for nefarious reasons.  Hidden weapons and malevolent devices ensnared my brothers and sisters, ending their lives within a blink.  Despite our best efforts to control the weather, this city continued its path of destruction, pulverizing the countryside below with countless waves of tempest and turmoil.

	"It was then that I made an alarming discovery.  The finer machine parts of this city can be controlled, but they respond to only one key—and that is myself.  For some inexplicable reason, I was born with the power to manipulate and guide this accursed place in manners that none of my fellow soldiers could.  The reason for this is a mystery, and yet it pains me to realize that the explanation may very well be painted in the malevolent patterns of this city's architecture.  From stained glass windows to mosaics to the ancient remnants of antique artwork, I've come to realize that a pegasus of my design was prophesied to have discovered this place.  I do not rejoice in this revelation, and yet it is with a heavy heart that I've decided to exploit it.

	"Ten years before this message was recorded, I, Commander Hurricane of Pegasopolis, and a legion of my most trusted warriors made the sacrifice of dwelling permanently within this city.  