We bid Pegasopolis and the newly formed Equestrian Union a somber farewell.  Equipped with the enchanted Sword of Solstice from the Celestial Siblings, we took it upon ourselves to steer this city out of harm's way, keeping to the frozen north, and avoiding as many continental civilizations as possible.  At last, through much trial and error, we found an oceanic body that could serve as a safe haven above which we might keep this city hidden, obscured by clouds and arctic winds forever.

	"However, during this voyage, we discovered an even greater terror locked away in the core of this infernal place.  It turned out that the innermost structure of this city had a large central chamber, and the entrance to it only responded to me.  Equipped with the Sword of Solstice, I traveled deep into the city's heart, hoping to find answers to what inspired the construction of this place of evil.  It was then that I discovered that the age of this city is not only timeless, but it had long been polluted by greed, malice, and ambitious forms of magical experimentation.  The pegasi who commandeered this dwelling before I—whoever they may have been or wherever they may have hailed from—they desired power at the cost of their own well-being.  They had discovered something in their travels, something vile and deadly and ravenous, something older than any other agent of death that plagues the Harmonic Realm.

	"I encountered this evil first hoof, and it nearly devoured me.  Many of my brothers and sisters were consumed by it, twisted by it, and reduced to ravenous shadows of their past selves.  I have no doubt now that the pegasi who discovered and manipulated this cruel weapon were nothing short of agents of chaos, and it's obvious to me that their hubris was the cause of their own demise.  How fitting—and yet how tragic that their curse would now befall us.

	"Opening this chamber was a mistake, but I still have hope of rectifying the situation.  My brothers and sisters intend to fight the chaotic essence back into the black heart of this city.  No doubt many will fall in the execution of this offensive, but it will be a necessary cost, however grim.  I only hope I live long enough to shut this chamber and seal the evil away within.  Nopony must be allowed to have access to the city's core, lest they be exposed to a fate far worse than death.  If I should perish while continuing to monitor this city, then my brothers and sisters have already committed to guarding my remains as staunchly as they would guard the entrance to this chamber, for the Harmonic Realm will be in great danger if somepony were to use my remains or the Sword of Solstice in accessing that which we have so diligently locked away."

	The image of Commander Hurricane flickered in and out of the visual spectrum as it reached the tail end of the broadcast.  With a somber expression, the scarred pegasus spoke her last words.

	"Whoever you are, if you've made it this far, then either you've successfully pilfered my remains to use as a key to this chamber, or you were also born with the unique ability to access it on your own.  If it's the former scenario, then proceed at your own risk.  What you find will be ample reward for the blind avarice in your heart.

	"But if the latter is true, then we share a common bond.  Something inexplicable has drawn us both along this course, something far more powerful and older than even the legacy of Pegasopolis itself.  I've no doubt that the same blood runs through our veins, the same fluid that stabs us awake in the middle of the night, making us realize that no matter how large this world is, we are destined for things far greater and more epic than any of our peers can understand.  If you feel this same spirit as I do, then I implore you... I beg of you... do not go any further.  Ignore your impulse and your warrior's resolve, much like I failed to do when I first opened this place.  You are far too precious and too important to let your life end here.  My fate has already been sealed by my own foolish courage.  I s