fix this thing!" Props stammered into the lavender pulse of the caged tome.

	Eagle Eye shouted, "Rainbow Dash is outside, remember?!  She'll be a pinprick on the horizon by now!"

	"Whoopsicles!"  Props grimaced, turning to face the array of sparkling cables fastened to an instrument panel.  "Uhhhhh... uhhhhh..."

	Ebon spoke up from the far side of the engine room.  "Whatever you do, Props, be delicate!"

	"I'll do a tea party later!  Dashie needs us!"  She pouted.  "Ohhhhhhhh—"  Lunging forward, the goggled mare bit onto one wire and yanked it loose.  There was a flash of mana, and the entire ship surged backwards, decelerating within an instant.  Props' body flew hard into Ebon Mane.  "Ooof!"

	"Daaah!"



	A pair of blue eyelids fluttered shut.

	A mane of prismatic hair billowed out from a leather coat's hood.

	The world toppled and spun while a glittering ocean of ice loomed ever closer.

	"Austraeoh..."

	"Mmmmmm..."  Rainbow's mouth stirred.  Her wings twitched, quivered.  Water enveloped the toppling world.

	"Austraeoh... when did you stop flying east?"

	With a gasp, Rainbow's eyes flew open.  Red and yellow colors flickered, then reflected frosty waves of water.

	Gritting her teeth, Rainbow fought against the dizziness, spread her wings wide, and caught air just seconds before she could plow into the currents of the Frozen Sea.  Her body pulled itself upright with a jolt, the tips of her hooves skimming the cold, cold waters.  She hissed through her teeth from the numbing sensation.  As her dizziness dissolved, she swore she saw a dark mass surging underwater along with her.  A pulse of light emanated from below, crimson and bright.  Before she could make out the texture of scales and massive fins, she had pulled up to a comfortable distance, flapping her wings until she was a stone's toss from the glittering waters.

	Panting, she hovered in place, her upper body slick with sweat beneath the tight contours of the leather coat.  She gulped and looked all around.

	The skies were clear.  She was the only winged thing within visual distance.

	Rotating about with a perpetual shiver, she finally saw the one speck that she was looking for.  The Noble Jury floated in a limp hover along the eastern horizon.

	Rainbow's body ached.  Nevertheless, with the faint traces of her chaotic illness lingering in her veins, she lurched her way through the arctic breeze and approached the stalled ship.



	Ebon, Eagle Eye, and Props galloped out of the stairwell.  Breathless, they spun about, scanning every horizon they could.  The cockpit door slid open, allowing Josho to stumble out and join them.

	"What in the McBuck Burger happened?!" Josho growled.

	"The engine worked!"  Props gulped.  "A little too well."

	"Dang it, lady, are you ever going to get that thing working properly?"

	"Don't be so hard on her, old stallion," Eagle Eye said, still worriedly squinting across the waves.  "She's kept us from plunging into the ocean time and time again."

	"I'd gladly take that at this rate—rather than drifting here forever and becoming sea serpent food!"

	"Yeah, well, if we need to appease the hungry monsters here, we know who to toss first!" Ebon grunted.

	"Ebon," Eagle sighed.  "Must you—"

	"I'm getting really sick of him spitting out mule muffins everytime he opens his fat muzzle!  Is it so easy to forget that we're making a team effort here?!"

	"The only reason I'm at the end of my rope is because I'm eating watered down vomit each evening for breakfast with nothing to shoot at!"

	"Would it at least kill you to turn your frustrations to something else?!"

	"Well, if I tried headbutting you, Sir Soups A Lot, I'd cause us all to starve, cuz you'd be sobbing it off like a pansy for a week!"

	"Josho—"

	"You really wanna push my buttons, don't you?!"

	"How about it, burgundy?!  Frying pans at thirty paces!"

	"Everypony, cut it out!"  Props stood between the stallions.  She hoisted her goggles up to her blonde bangs and panted.  "Look, I'm s