ense my death looming on the horizon, when instead there should be a bright beacon, a golden sunrise.  My only regret is that this destined luminance shall not be mine to grasp, but it could still be yours.  Leave this chamber, seal it back up, and depart from this city forevermore.  Let it continue to be a grave of evil... and a monument to bravery.  Please.  Go back.  Go back.  This is y-y-your f-f-final war-n-n-n-n-skkkkkkt!"

	The array sparked, popped, and emitted a column of smoke.  In the absence of Hurricane's booming voice, deathly silence fell, returning the chamber to quiet desolation.

	Nopony said anything for a long while.

	Props, naturally, was the first to speak up.  "Well... that sucks."

	"Ger'essul'ina thulien rekka threnn," Arcshod muttered.

	Seclorum sighed.  "Yeah, well, those manacrystals are looking a lot less promising now."

	Rainbow Dash turned towards the survivors.  "You've been here for how many years?"  Her eyes narrowed.  "You never encountered something else besides the changelings?"

	Aatxe shook his head.  "I'm sorry, no.  We've never had an opportunity to open this chamber until you came along."

	"For obvious reasons," Josho muttered.

	"Dashie?"  Props squinted up at Rainbow.  "Are you... related to this smexy Hurricane?"

	"What?  No!  I-I mean... I dunno.  I don't think so..."  She rubbed her scalp, sighing.  "Sure, we kind of look alike—assuming that was her real face we just saw right now."

	"Any reason it wouldn't be?" Aatxe remarked.

	"For all we know, the changelings could have set it up!"

	"Yes, but even if they could turn into you and open this chamber up, wouldn't we have noticed a clue or something?" Aatxe continued.  "This place is virtually untouched!  I don't think anypony's been in here for eons!"

	"Probably because what the big floaty head thing was right," Seclorum said, pointing at the craters in the floor and the cracks in the wall.  "Whatever happened here last, it looks like it was one hell of a smackdown."

	"Hurricane fighting back the 'chaotic evil?'" Aatxe remarked.

	Seclorum nodded.  "Seems like it."

	"You think she coulda been more friggin' specific?"  Josho frowned.  "Not sure I'm a big fan of your ancient, poetic ancestors, paint bucket."

	"Look, her message was clear: 'do not go down here any further!'"  Rainbow folded her arms and frowned.  "I never once thought I'd be given a direct command from Hurricane herself, but darn if I feel like disobeying it."

	"So what's the call, Dashie?" Props asked, fidgeting where she stood.  "If we keep going on, we might end up entangled in nasty-wasties."

	"But if we don't get those manacrytals, who's to tell if we'll ever get out of here on the Tarkington!" Aatxe remarked.

	Rainbow Dash sighed, rubbing her chin in thought.  "I... I think..."

	Everypony stared at her in silence.

	She gritted her teeth and finally grumbled, "I think it's not worth the risk."

	Several survivors hung their heads.  Arcshod's ears folded as he stared off towards the wall.

	Seclorum took a deep breath.  "I'm not a fan of advancing backwards, but I've seen enough crap from this city to possibly give it a second thought."

	"Rainbow..."  Josho trotted up, eyes thin.  "Are you sure we can't... send a few of us down to investigate?  I mean, we can still proceed—but no need to risk everypony—"

	"No need to risk anypony."  She frowned.  "Period.  I suggest we regroup.  Bring this by Lasairfion.  She seems pretty smarty-smart.  Maybe she can come up with an idea or two."

	"Sounds okay to m-me!" Props said with a nervous smile.

	"First thing's first.  Let's get the heck out of here."  Rainbow spun around.  "Seclorum?  Arcshod?  Gather your dudes.  Aatxe, keep an eye on everypony.  Razzar—"  She did a double-take.  "Razzar?"

	Everypony jolted in place, looking all around.

	None of the cloaked figures were to be found.

	"Uhhhhh..." Props sweated nervously.

	"Where in Ledo's girdle strings did they g-go?!" Josho exclaimed.

	Rainbow blinked, then gasped.