  Lighting her pendant, she flew towards the edge of the platform and stared straight down the pit.  Six dim amber lights were winding their way down the twin spiral staircases.

	"Luna poop!" Rainbow hissed.

	"They didn't..."  Aatxe murmured.

	"What in the hell do they think they're doing?!" Seclorum rumbled.

	"Dammit!"  Josho gnashed his teeth.  "Those slimy salamanders!"  He cocked his shotgun.  "We need to go down and grab 'em before they screw stuff up!"

	"No.  No!"  Rainbow shoved Josho back.  "I will go down and get them!"

	"But Dashie—" Props began.

	"I mean it!"  Rainbow shouted.  "You guys stay here!  Keep together!  Nopony move a muscle beyond this point or else!"  Taking a deep breath, she coiled her wings at her side and dove swiftly down the pit and after the Lounge.

	"Wait!"  Seclorum shouted, galloping towards the edge while Josho shoved him back.  "Nnnngh!  You idiot!  What are you doing?!" His snarling voice echoed down the cylindrical blackness.  "Don't go alone!  Have you learned nothing about this place?!"
		//------------------------------//
		// Something Bad is Coming Down...		//------------------------------//

	The spiraling staircases swished and crossed around Rainbow Dash as she plunged into the depths of the building.  Reaching the bottom of the pit, there was no longer any sign of the Lounge to be found.  Rainbow's glowing pendant illuminated a dust-laden floor with a tall doorframe that opened up to a large chamber.

	Pulling up into a low hover, Rainbow swiftly threaded through the passage and entered the chamber beyond.  A couple of flare had been deposited in even spaces across the stone floor.  From how brightly they burned and the amber hue with which they did so, she could easily guess who left them there.  The flickering light revealed a steep set of stairs leading down into a broad room with widely spaced walls in a hexagonal pattern.

	No sooner had Rainbow Dash flew a few feet when she nearly smashed into something.  At first, she thought it was a dangling set of rusted chains, or maybe a moldy rope.  Pausing, she tilted her crimson pendant up and illuminated what turned out to be a series of dangling obstructions.  Upon closer examination, she blinked and halted her forward movement entirely.

	The upper length of the room was clustered with various branches of leathery green vines.  Fibrous strands dangled off the flat ends of the thorny structures, betraying their age and state of decay.  Visions of Everfree Forest flashed through Rainbow's mind, and the more of these ropey structures she saw, the more claustrophobic and confined she felt.  Her eyes traced the looping ends of these things, and she found that they had long found surfaces across the floor, walls, and ceiling to cling to eons ago.

	Rainbow Dash hovered close to the ground, having to constantly duck and weave beneath the branching structures.  As she proceeded along, she noticed several clumps of debris littering the floor.  Glancing down, she saw smashed remnants of a granite table, along with a copious amount of shattered glass containers and rusted instruments.  Decayed wooden chairs and moldy shelves lingered in the corner, overshadowed by the array of dangling vines.

	Rainbow's lips pursed as she spun and looked around some more.  In the flicker of a yellow Lounge flare, she saw decrepit stone tablets lying against the wall.  There were inscriptions upon the granite slabs that for the life of her she couldn't recognize.  They were written in a language completely alien to Equestrian Basic.  However, she did recognize several illustrations accompanying the texts and geometric figures.  She saw equine shapes with wings, along with etchings of vines, plant leaves, and something that resembled a liquid solution contained within a vial.

	"Experiments...?"  Rainbow's brow furrowed.  "Commander Hurricane?"  Her jaw went tight.  "No.  Couldn't be.  But perhaps..."  Her eyes trailed up, and she gasped.

	All of the vines and thorny branches connected to a central source.  In t