he converging amber and crimson light, Rainbow saw a large tree trunk in the center of the room.  Only, it wasn't quite a tree, but rather a bulbous thing, shaped like an enormous pear.  The shell of the thing was organic, consisting of a vomitous green carapace and studded all over with rust-red barnacles.  The vines and branches converged at the top, where a crimson stem with decayed petals loomed just beneath the chamber's ceiling.  Rainbow had no doubt that the thing was once alive, but it lay dormant now, its outer fringes moldy and gray from millennia of neglect.

	The pegasus bit her lip.  She slowly pivoted about, spotting fibrous green roots that branched outward from the base of the plant and spread towards the furthest walls of the room.  At one spot, the bulk of the roots combined, forming one thick tether that ran through a thin doorway and cascaded down a series of winding steps.  From the far end, Rainbow detected the faintest hint of yellow amberlight.

	Frowning, Rainbow Dash flapped her wings and sailed down the curved, descending corridor.  After three and a half spiraling turns, she emerged in a large round room positioned beneath the chamber with the hideous plant.  Here, at last, she caught up with the Lounge.  Razzar and his five companions were busily snatching glowing purple manashards from the platforms where they lay.  The room was shaped like a giant octagon, with similarly shaped panels spotting the flat walls of the place.  The roots that had snaked their way down had spread to all eight walls of the chamber, winding their way into the panels that reflected the Lounge's amber managlow.

	"Razzar!"  Rainbow hissed, fluttering her way into the center of the chamber.  "What in Celestia's name has gotten into you?!  Are you crazy?!"

	"If desiring a way out of this floating monstrosity deems me psychotic, then I gladly subscribe to your diagnosis," he calmly said through his mask while gesturing to his companions.  "Every crystal shard, brothers.  Don't leave a single one behind."

	"Didn't you hear a single dang thing that the ancient hologram said upstairs?!" Rainbow's voice cracked.

	"Allow me to guess."  Razzar pivoted towards Rainbow Dash, his silver expression reflecting her glinting ruby light.  "A copious amount of doom and gloom but with vague descriptions as regarding the true nature of it?"  He slinked across the room beneath her.  "Ponies may find comfort in wasting their time on fear, but the Lounge have long learned to look beyond it.  We had a goal in coming here.  Do you or do you not wish to help your companions escape on the Tarkington?"

	"Well... y-yeah!  But..."  Rainbow Dash fidgeted in mid-air, eying the octagonal panels with the roots attached.  "Commander Hurricane made it perfectly clear that something really dang evil is down here, waiting for us!  And I'm not all that keen on disturbing it!"

	"And does it seem disturbed to you?"

	"Dang it, Razzar, this isn't the time to taunt fate!  We're a lot safer up on the surface of Stratopolis and—Guh..."  She frowned.  "Did you not see that flank-fuggly plant on the way down here?"  Silence.  "Razzar...?"  She glanced down, and her eyes widened.

	Razzar was walking up a center platform that was raised above the rest of the room.  His gloved hands flexed and unflexed as he approached what looked like a lever and crank-shaft positioned on the top of a slender cylinder.

	"Razzar..."  Rainbow grunted, then grunted again.  "Razzar, what are you doing?"

	"We're in the very heart of Stratopolis," the figure crackled through his mask.  "Seems like the most logical place for the builders of this structure to house the city's engine... or—perhaps—it's cockpit."

	"Cockpit?!"  Rainbow's muzzle scrunched.  "Razzar, look, we've got the manacrystals!  It's what we need to power the survivors' ship and yours.  Let's just hoist them over our shoulders and get out of here!"

	"You're obviously a seasoned adventurer, Rainbow Dash, but you have a few things to learn about opportunity."  He tilted his mask u