p towards her.  "Why run from something when instead you can control it?"

	"What do you mean, control it?" Rainbow asked.  Her ears twitched to the sound of manarifles cocking behind her.  She didn't even need to look back.  Instead, she glared down at the Lounge leader, frowning.  "This was your goal all along, wasn't it?"

	"If you think I desired my comrades and I to be stranded here like a bunch of helpless equines, then you are sorely mistaken."

	"But you wanted to gain access to this city nonetheless!"  Rainbow gnashed her teeth.  "Tell me, Razzar.  Aatxe and Lasairfion and Prowse and the rest—did the changelings bring them all here?  Or were you running ship after ship into the storm to test how long anyone could survive in this place?!"

	"How easily you think ill of me..."

	"'Cuz you friggin make it that easy!" Rainbow Dash growled, hovering in the glow of the converging figures' manarifles.  "What were you actually doing when you were hunting down Prowse and Elma, huh?!  Did somepony really contract you into finding the shapeshifters this whole time?!"

	Razzar stood in silence.

	"Hmmph..."  Rainbow clenched her jaw.  "That's what I thought.  What do you do when you actually capture the changelings, Razzar?  Do they tell you enough about this place under knife and taser?"

	Clak-Clak!  Razzar pointed a manapistol at her skull.  "Enough to know that nothing can be trusted in this city, including a pegasus who is inexplicably gifted with the powers of an ancient to open the inner chambers of this domain.  The monsters who run this place can control magic, enchantment, and even the viscosity of their own blood.  They've usurped royal monarchs, mind-controlled a dragon, and brought two powerful empires upon the brink of oblivion.  Now they shift their focus to the east, and with the essence of a magically-imbued pegasus added to the hive, who knows what they're capable of doing?!"

	"Then what does this make you?"  Rainbow Dash asked, monitoring the glowing gun sights in the corners of her vision.  "Are you somehow the savior of the Wastes, Razzar?"

	"No more than you are, Rainbow Dash.  Though that is about to change."  He side-stepped closer to the cylinder and its lever.  "He who wields power wields control in this world.  With access to the mobility of this city, one can navigate the furthest reaches of this plane.  Don't pretend to deny it.  You've seen the illustrations etched into the walls of Stratopolis.  You know in your heart the function of this place."

	Her nostrils flared.  "It's a Sentinel... a Sentinel of the Rings..."

	"It is clear to me now why the queen of the changeling hive desires this place so much.  It has already served as her secret base of operations.  But now, with full access to its operations, she can make that base mobile and attack any kingdom from anywhere, and just who will be able to resist her?"

	"She's not succeeded so far, Razzar!"

	"That's because she's not had the key to the heart of this place.  You, Rainbow Dash.  You are both the best and the worst thing to come to Stratopolis.  Because of this, now is the time that I must take control of the situation.  If the changelings are too hungry for power, and you too frivolous about it, then the Lounge must make their move."

	"And just what do you intend to do with it?"

	"If I am right about my suspicions of this place, then this city can navigate any spot on the plane... including the far north."

	Rainbow blinked.  "The... far north?"  She pursed her lips.  "You mean the skystone fields?"

	"No ship, naga, pony, or any other living thing has been able to cross the north or south edges of the plane," Razzar said.  "But, with a city—a Sentinel such as Stratopolis—we can finally have access to all of the precious minerals.  We'll have enough energy to stage an attack on the changeling hives all across the world.  They'll be incapable of defending themselves from our unprecedented speed and firepower.  With unlimited skystone at our disposal, we'll hunt the shape-shifters to the 