ends of the earth, and restore balance to the continents abroad—even beyond the Grand Choke!"

	"And does it stop there, Razzar?"  Rainbow Dash snarled.  "What happens to the world once the 'mighty and powerful Lounge' have rid it of the shape shifting hoard?"

	"It's just as I said, Rainbow Dash.  He who wields power in this world wields control."

	"Grrrr..." Rainbow flew forward, only to stop at the threatening sound of cocking manarifles.  She spat from a distance.  "I did not go through Hell and back across this world just to see the reins of power thrown into another pair of gnarled hands!  If you really wanna do what's best for the world, Razzar, you gotta learn how to repair it!  Not fill it with holes!"

	"There will be no peace, no tranquility—until the conspiring shape-shifters are completely eliminated."

	"You don't know that!" her voice cracked.  "What if they can be fixed?!  What if they can be healed?!  What if... what if..."  She gulped.  "What if they can be shown what it means to be loved again?!  They've been feeding on pain and chaos for so long that they don't know any better!"

	"A most interesting sermon," Razzar droned.  "Coming from a pegasus who's chief talent is waging destruction wherever she goes."

	Rainbow Dash frowned.  "Don't pretend to know me."

	"Only as long as you pretend to know yourself."  Razzar gestured towards his comrades.

	P-Pift!  Gusts of steam burst along the fringes of the room.

	"H-huh?!"  Rainbow glanced aside, then gasped as lengths of cord wrapped around her body.  Two grappling hooks ensnared her from opposite sides, and she fell—wriggling—to the floor while a pair of figures bundled her up.  "Nnnngh!  Let me go!  Quit it!"

	"I knew there would come a time when I would have to contend with you."  Razzar slowly stepped towards her, looming above the struggling mare with his pistol in hand.  "Somehow, I thought that you would put up more of a fight.  Perhaps I guessed correctly, and the brood queen already got to you, Rainbow Dash, if that's who you really are..."

	"Whatever I am..."  Rainbow spat.  "At least I'm not a good-for-nothing snake in the grass son of a—"

	"Please, Rainbow..."  Razzar waved his gun disapprovingly.  "What would your pony goddesses say?"

	"'Go buck yourself!'"

	"Indeed.  Maybe they will have the opportunity, someday, once I have liberated their kingdom from the shape-shifting army."  Razzar turned and stepped back up to the cylinder.  "Odds are I will have run into you a dozen times by then... at least... versions of you.  I do hope they prove more exciting than this encounter."

	"Dang it, Razzar!  Don't do this!"  Rainbow Dash hissed from where she writhed.  "Don't try to take this place over!  Don't you realize why Chrysalis never attempted it herself?!"

	"I believe it's quite clear.  She never before had you to—"

	"It's because she knows it's been tried before!"  Rainbow Dash spat.  "Commander Hurricane had access eons ago, and in so doing she accidentally unleashed an evil far greater than the changelings could ever possibly be!  Whoever first controlled this place—the pegasi who first had access to this Sentinel—they went off the deep end!  They found something or made something that killed themselves off!  And it killed Hurricane off too!  That's why it was left here in the wastes!  Hurricane didn't want anypony else to find it or else they'd make the same mistake you're about to!"

	Razzar sighed through his crackling mask, then spun about with his pistol aimed squarely at Rainbow's skull. "Rainbow Dash, the only mistake I've made was not silencing your prattling mouth minutes ago—"

	Ka-Pow!

	Rainbow winced, only to realize that her skull was still intact.

	Meanwhile, Razzar's weapon flew from his singed glove.  He winced, stumbling back against the cylinder.

	The other five Lounge members spun and faced the doorframe entering the octagonal room, weapons drawn.

	"Not another move, scaleys," Josho hissed from where he squinted down his smoking shotgun.  "Don'