t even fart."

	"Nnnnngh..." Razzar moaned, still clutching his wrist.  "It's always the fat ones..."

	"You okay there, paint bucket?" Josho barked.

	"Josho!"  Rainbow Dash sputtered from where she lay in binds.  "I thought I told you and the rest to stay up above!"

	"Yes, well..."  Seclorum trotted out of the room, his crossbow drawn.  "Luckily, we don't speak 'stupid.'"

	"Dashie!"  Props sing-songed, popping out of the hallway along with Arcshod and four other ponies.  A phalanx of equines trained their makeshift weapons on the six Lounge members.  "What in the hay happened to you?!"

	Rainbow grumbled, "I picked a bad time to catch up on my filly scout knot-making."

	"Get her out of that mess, blondie," Josho nodded towards the mechanic.  "We'll take care of lizard breath."

	"You speak as if we're not of one accord, Ledomaritan," Razzar said while Props ran over to Rainbow's side.

	"Oh, I'm sorry!  Did I interrupt your tea ceremony?!"  Josho scowled.  "Or is it just pure coincidence that you give rambling evil monologues to bound mares in the dark?!"

	"What the crap, Razzar?!" Seclorum grunted over his friend's shoulder.  "You said you were going to cover the survivors!  How does abandoning us in the middle of a strange environment fit into all of that?!"

	"You desired the manacrystals, did you not?"  Razzar gestured towards the shards clinging to the cloaked figure's backsides.  "We were simply retrieving them as planned."

	"Uh huh..." Rainbow fidgeted and frowned while Props sliced her binds free with a metal shiv from her saddlebag.  "And what about the part where you planned to take control of this city, harvest skystone from the north, and then wield world-wide totalitarian domination?!"  She stretched her wings and crawled up onto her hooves, freed.  "Didja forget that part?!"

	Arcshod frowned.  "He'kaata rekulien trenn'adren!"

	Seclorum squinted.  "Is this true, Razzar?"

	"You all have no idea the extent to which the shape-shifters have dominated you," Razzar said icily.  "They control you with fear.  They control you with paranoia.  And now... thanks to Rainbow Dash... they control you with a false sense of self-righteousness."

	"I dunno, pal."  Josho squinted down his shotgun.  "From where I'm looking, I'm not the one with the disgusting hard-on over changelings."

	"I've done some nasty things to get me and my companions out of this rathole of a city," Seclorum said.  "The last thing I wanna do is take control over it."

	"We are in a race against a dynamically morphing conspiracy!" Razzar growled.  "Perpetrated by the shape-shifting brood and accelerated by that mare!" He pointed at Rainbow Dash.  "If we leave now, this inner chamber and all of its secrets will fall into the hive queen's clutches!  The world as we know it will tremble under her control!"

	"Let's take things one flankhole at a time, shall we?"  Seclorum motioned with his shotgun.  "Step away from the colorful mare, buddy, thank you..."

	Razzar stepped backwards as commanded.  "It is unfortunate that you cannot smell what's truly run afoul here, ponies."  His body inched towards the cylinder.  "Perhaps now is the time to keep both eyes open..."

	Rainbow saw where he was moving.  She gasped.  "No!"  Her hoof stretched out.  "Don't let him touch—!"

	It was too late.  Razzar stealthily grasped the handle of the central pedestal with his gloved hand and gave the crankshaft a turn.  A metallic sound reverberated deeply through the place.  The raised steps around the cylinder glowed one layer after another with a lavender aura.

	Props clung to Rainbow, trembling.  Rainbow looked up with quivering eyes.

	The room shook, raining dust and sediment down onto everyone's heads.  Arcshod and his fellow Xonans glanced about anxiously.  Seclorum's fellow warriors clung to their crossbows, shivering.

	Then, as quickly as it began, the rumbling ended.

	Razzar stood up straight.  His panting breath could be heard through his mask.  "I... I do not understand.  Where is the cockpit?  Ano