ther chamber should have been revealed..."

	"Perhaps the changelings we interrogated lied, brother," another Lounge member said.

	"Silence, weakling!" Razzar hissed.  "That is impossible!  I simply didn't turn it far enough—" He reached for the lever yet again.

	"Not another inch!" Josho shouted.

	"Do not threaten our master!" a Lounge member growled, priming his weapon in Josho's direction.

	"That's it!"  Seclorum cocked his crossbow.  "You creeps have just signed your death warrant—"

	"Everyone stop!" Props shouted in a high-pitched squeal, even making Razzar's gang wince.  "Do... do you guys hear that?!"  She stammered.

	Everyone stood in silence... that is until they became aware of a ringing sound echoing across the dark chamber.  It rose and fell in tonality, ultimately undulating with a deep bass hum.

	"Sok'ranna rendulien threatta..." Arcshod murmured, nervously eying the ceiling.

	"What in blazes is making that sound?" Seclorum murmured.

	Another Ledomaritan remarked, "Sounds... almost like d-drums."

	"More like a heartbeat," said another pony.

	"Alright..."  Josho gulped.  "Drum sessions are sexy n'all... but I think now is high time we gallop outta here—"

	Just then, the noise stopped.  It was quiet enough to hear the saliva swishing in everyone's mouths.  Then, all of the sudden—

	"Look!" Props yelped, pointing up.

	Everyone's necks tilted.  One by one, the octagonal panels in the wall slid open with errant hisses.  When at last all of them were opened, the bass thumping resumed, coming out of one hole on the far side of the chamber.

	Rainbow Dash flapped her wings, hovering upwards and squinting.  She saw a lavender glow from the deepest recesses of the compartment.  The roots of the plant that rivered into the hole shifted and wobbled slightly.  Then, at last, something came out of it... or more like dripped out.

	A collective gasp filled the room as a viscous globule of muck fell to the granite floor.  Lizards and ponies alike backstepped from the slimy mess.  No one was training guns on each other anymore.  All eyes were locked on the unsightly puddle.

	Props fidgeted, glancing nervously aside at Rainbow Dash.  Squinting her ruby eyes, Rainbow hovered forward in silence.  She gave her pendant a good rub, illuminating the pool of slime on the floor.  Upon closer inspection, the bubbling solution took on a sickly purple hue.  It quivered all over like living plasmodium, and it was covered in random spots by thick rounded postules.  After a few seconds of stillness, those postules suddenly flickered open, revealing an array of bone-white blinking eyes.  They swiveled around until they all faced Rainbow Dash.

	The pegasus jerked back.

	Sploosh!  A necrotic hoof emerged from the puddle.

	Props shrieked.  Rainbow Dash hovered back while everyone collectively flinched.

	The hoof was followed by a second limb, then a cranium, then a spinal structure.  Inch by inch, an equine body pulled itself out of the impossibly tiny puddle of slime, accompanied by a deeply resonating deathbeat.  Soon, a slime-covered pony stood before the group, shivering.  Its joints cracked as it took one wet step forward, then a second.  Suddenly, it stopped, then spread a pair of bony wings out in a splash of purple liquid.  Crkkkk!  It tilted its head up, then opened a gaping maw, vomiting out four times the amount of viscous lavender slime, every other square inch awash with blinking white eyeballs that spread the disgusting solution further and further across the floor.

	Rainbow Dash flew backwards, grimacing hideously at the display.  At that precise moment, the bass noise doubled, and she heard shrieks to her left.  She glanced to her side.

	Out from two other holes, more fountains of slime were splashing.  In quick order, equine figures emerged from the purple mess, lurching across the floor and crushing eyeballs into bloody pulp as they approached the Lounge like a sentient wall of phlegm.

	"Back!  Get back!"

	Snarling, a cloaked member of the Lou