nge shuffled his way into a wall.  The floor around him was already covered with the purple goo, giving him no way to run.  At the sound of his distressed voice, two slimey ponies turned and marched his way.  As some of the ooze dripped off the figures, Rainbow could spot spread, feather-less wings, rotting from the inside out.

	"Brothers!  Help me!"

	Desperate, the figure fired his rifle into the guts of the approaching creatures.  One pegasus fell flat to its chest, bursting with four times as much slime as the puddle it emerged from.  The second rushed towards him, its open mouth gargling with the acidic solution.  The lizard took one good shot at its scalp, and the pegasus' cranium exploded, splashing purple liquid all over the Lounge member's weapon.  The slime wormed its way into the structure of the rifle, making it useless.  Panicking, the lizard flung the weapon away and reached under his cloak for a pistol.  Meanwhile, four more equine shapes emerged from the slime, joining their headless companion.  They converged on the lizard, thrashing and biting as his body from all sides.  Their attacks were barely wounding him, but the slime that dripped off of their muzzles and fetlocks spread all over his figure as soon as it made contact.

	Hyperventilating upon the smell of his own body going up in smoke, the lizard shrieked through his mask and activated his rocket thrusters.  He soared through the room, dragging the clinging equines—and their deathly slime—along with him.  "Hraaaauckckkkkltkg-grkkkk-aaakk!"  Ponies and naga ran for cover as he slammed into the far wall, then fell like a slimy sack of meat.  When he struck the floor, it was with a wet splash, spilling purple ooze marinating in reptilian entrails.

	Cl-Clink!  The manacrystals that the ill-fated lizard was carrying rattled cleanly across the floor.  Rainbow Dash looked at it, then spun to gape at other side of the room.

	Seclorum and two other ponies were cornered against a wall, firing at a current of purple slime rivering their way.  One by one—equine-shaped lumps emerged from the mess and lumbered towards the trio.  Despite their fervent efforts, no amount of crossbolts could stop the death march of the undead pegasi.

	"Hold on, old friend!" Josho shouted between firing pot-shots with his shotgun.  "Hey!  Connect-the-dots face!  A little hoof here!"  Arcshod followed the obese stallion as he stood upon the edge of the eye-bobbing mess.  With combined telekinesis, they levitated Seclorum and his two companions away from the tiny patch of granite before it could be overwhelmed by slimey pegasi.

	From four other holes, more copious streams of gunk poured out.  Without wasting any time, moaning pegasi emerged from the solution, spread their wings, and glided towards the embattled survivors.

	"Josho!  Look out—" Rainbow started to shout.

	Ka-Pow!  A yellow stream of mana flew in and exploded the winged ponies in mid-air

	Josho, Arcshod, and Rainbow spun to look.

	Razzar and his remaining cohorts had formed a line, retreating firmly form the center of the swiftly flooded chamber.  "Get a move on!  We'll hold them off!"

	"Like we can trust you!" Seclorum spat.

	"I'd be vastly amazed if you can strike up an even better conversation with them!"  Razzar fired blast after bright flast into the multiplying wave of slimy monstrosities.  "Now go!  Whatever you do, don't let the slime touch you!"

	"Props!" Rainbow shouted.  "Quick!  Grab the manacrystals!"

	"Okay!"  Props scooped up the glowing shards and strapped them to her saddlebag.  "Okies!  What now—?!"  She looked up to see a fountain of purple liquid sloshing towards her.  "Aaaaaiie!"

	Rainbow scooped her up in the nick of time, then soared over the bubbling death currents.  The air was filled with a deafening bass hum by this point, undulating as if with a demon heartbeat.  Whille the interior turned darker and darker, all Rainbow could see was the whites of alien eyes bobbing in the current, then lunging towards her as hissing pegasi shapes splash