ed violently out of the mess.  She spun with the weight of Props' body, avoiding the splattering lavender liquid with only a hair's breadth to spare.

	Loud shrieks filled the chamber by the time Rainbow reached the patch of stone floor before the exit.  She turned her head to look.

	Two ponies stood their ground, surrounded on all sides by the viscous liquid.

	Rainbow seethed through her teeth.  "Josho!"

	"Wh-what?!" the stallion shouted back amidst shotgun blasts.

	"Catch!" And Rainbow tossed Props.

	"Aaaaackies!"  Props flailed, only to be caught by Josho's strong telekinetic field.

	"Are you crazy?!" Josho sputtered as he shoved Props up the hallway to safety.

	"Something like that!" Rainbow hollered back as she soared towards the stranded pair.  She had to dodge crossbolts, energy beams, and exploding splashes of purple ooze along the way.  Once in the clear, she dove down, spun sideways, and grabbed the two ponies in her forelimbs.  They gasped in her embrace as she glided fearlessly over the deadly pool, then swiveled back towards the last remaining patch of unwashed stone.  Through the corner of her eyes, Rainbow could spot the cylinder with the lever, remaining strangely untouched by the viscous slime.  Before she could dwell on that, a pair of dripping pegasi sailed at her body, hissing and spitting up muck.

	Pow!  Razzar's well-aimed blast exploded the winged equines before they could make contact.  Nevertheless, Rainbow had to dart upwards to avoid the splattering liquid.

	"Rrrrghhh... Razzar!"

	"It would do you well to fly faster," he calmly said while firing at the advancing pegasi.  "Hurry.  My brothers and I can't hold them off much longer."

	"We're not through, you and I!"  Rainbow grunted as she touched down and deposited the breathless pair of ponies.  "Not by a longshot!"

	"You heard the snake in the grass!"  Josho yelled while backtrotting from the flooded compartment.  "Let's get out of here!  Gallop!  Back up to the door with the others!"

	"Move it!  Move it!  Move it!"  Seclorum shouted while reloading his crossbow.

	"Re'lanna brekken la'sanna'kiel?!" Arschod sweatily exclaimed.

	"Yes!  Prowse's niece is carrying some manacrystals!"  Seclorum nodded.  "At least somepony got what we came here for!"

	"Xon... drenna diulen thr'akka vreen!"

	"Don't need to tell me twice!"  Seclorum kicked an errant Ledomaritan in the flank.  "Dammit, go!  Make like the wind!"

	Ponies and Lounge members alike turned completely and ran straight up the stairs.  At the last second, a throng of pegasi burst out of the mess and lunged at the group.

	In mid-flight, Rainbow Dash turned and gasped.  "Look out!"

	"On your six!" Josho howled.

	Arcshod spun, snarled, and fired a crossbolt.  The projectile pierced a pegasus' skull, slamming its body into another equine.  However, the resulting purple splash made contact with a fleeing Xonan.  The stallion gasped, collapsing across the stairs on his chest while the liquid melted his fetlocks out from under him.  "Grrraaaaaugh—Drek threem jaat!  Xonnn!"

	Arcshod gasped, his glossy eyes reflecting a pair of slimed figures as they pounced on the warrior, ripping his tattooed flesh to pieces.  In a matter of seconds, their oozing bodies merged with his, and they became one with the fleshy puddle of purple slime.  From inside the quivering mound of liquid, the stallion's screams could be heard, curdling lower and lower until they joined with the bass thumping.

	"Rem'uttien drenna'draak!"  Arcshod howled, charging forward.  "Drems'thulien lattar threnn siul Nagu'n!"

	"Dammit, it's too late!"  Seclorum and another Xonan restrained Arcshod, tugging him back with flickering telekinesis.  "Keep moving, ya big lug!"  He fired over Arcshod's quivering shoulder at the mess.  "Everypony!  Just keep moving!"

	Rainbow nearly wretched, but nevertheless turned and flew up the winding corridor, shoving several ponies along with use of her wingstrength.  "You heard the stallion!  Run!"

	"Go on, brothers," Razzar hissed a