s he took up the rear, firing madly into the rising, rising ooze.  "We can still salvage this yet—"

	Just as he spoke this, a pony splashed out of the bubbling mass and charged up the steps.  This one had no wings, but instead freshly mawed flesh brimming with bloody tattoos.

	"Master!  Look out!"  A cloaked figure grabbed Razzar's shoulder and hoisted him out of reach of the undead Xonan's jaws.

	As Razzar stumbled up the steps, two other Lounge members fired at the stallion's body.

	The creature's skull burst, splashing purple goo all over the cloak of the naga that had saved Razzar.  The lizard shrieked instantly, collapsing to the steps as the ooze melted through his cloak and ate away at his scales.  He writhed on the floor while the lavender pool swiftly washed up over his body.  His mask crumbled away, and a hint of razor sharp teeth clattered through smoke and fumes.

	"Grnnngh... br-brothers... brothers, pl-please... help..."

	Razzar stood up straight.  Taking a deep breath, he reached down... and grabbed the manacrystals off the naga's back before they could be encased in slime.  Swiveling, he reached into his own cloak, produced a belt of mana explosives, and shoved them into the quivering mass that remained of his melting companion.

	"Do not stop for anything!" Razzar snarled, firing down the steps in mid-march.  Kapow!

	The energy blast had the desired effect, blowing back a wave of the purple slime and giving the surviving Lounge room to escape.  Not long after, the viscous material recoalesced, floating eyes blinking wide as the quivering mass advanced up the curved steps with rapidly multiplying speed, accompanied by galloping and gliding equines.
		//------------------------------//
		// Can You Survive the Evil?		//------------------------------//

	Rainbow Dash was the first to emerge in the broad chamber full of vines and thorny branches.  Her ruby pendant glowed off the sickly carapace of the large deceased plant in the center of the compartment.  Threading her way over and around the dangling obstructions, she paused halfway and turned to face the hallway from which she emerged.

	"Quick!  This way, guys!  Just up the steps and—"

	"Look out!" a pony's voice shrieked.  Josho, Props, and a few other survivors had already emerged, but they all dove for the floor as something streaked past them, dripping with purple slime.

	Rainbow gasped.

	The lone, speeding pegasus pinballed off two vines and rose towards the looming ceiling.  Its bony feathers dribbled acidic slime as it spiraled about, hissed, and dove suicidally towards the helpless group below.  Josho could barely aim at the thing to get a shot off.

	"Hnnnngh!"  Rainbow Dash courageously threw her shoulder into the body of the undead beast.  The two went ricocheting off the floor, crashing wetly through a wooden shelf full of moldy scrolls and ancient texts.

	"Rainbow!" Josho shouted.  "Watch it!"

	"Don't let the damn thing splatter all over you!" Seclorum added, emerging and cocking his crossbow.

	Waking up to the danger, Rainbow gaped at the puddle forming between her and the creature.  She snapped out of it at the last second, ducking as the thing's mouth snapped violently at her scalp.

	Right then, Razzar and two other Lounge members emerged.  "Move aside."  Razzar squatted and fired without hesitation.  Ka-p-pow!

	Yellow manafire flew in Rainbow's direction.  Thinking fast, she rolled to the side, spiraling out of reach of the zombie pegasus' exploding innards.  Purple slime coated the far walls of the granite compartment, sending smoke and steam billowing ceilingwards.

	"Dammit, lizard!"  Josho grunted as he telekinetically shoved more ponies ahead, boosting them towards their destination.  "I never thought I'd hear myself say this, but shooting madly isn't helping!"

	"Speak for yourself," Razzar droned.  Right then, the thumping beat intensified, echoing throughout the whole chamber.  "They are overcoming us!  Brothers—"

	The other three Lounge members had already formed a p