uper, super sorries about the engine going all kersplodey.  Next time we test it, we should just keep everypony on board, that way I can calibrate for the resistance manifold and make sure that we can decelerate in the future because—"  She froze in mid-speech, blinking suddenly towards the western horizon.  "Oh lookie!  Dashie!"

	Thud!  Rainbow Dash's limp body plowed into Props.  Both mares went toppling across the deck.

	"Whoah!" Eagle Eye jumped in place.  "There she is!"

	"Propsy!" Ebon gasped.

	"Hold on..."  Josho trotted over and disentangled the two ponies with telekinesis.  "There.  Catch your breaths.  Breathe."

	"Nnnngh..."  Rainbow Dash curled up, coughing and sputtering as her muzzle twisted in dizzied pain.

	"Phweeeee..."  Props sat up, shaking the cobwebs out of her skull.  "Thank goodness I'm so plush or one of us would have broken something!"  She leaned over and shook Rainbow's shoulder.  "Hey Dash-Dash?  You okay?  Usually you bounce back up after plowing full force into another pony."

	"Guhhh... mmmff... I'm f-fine..."  Rainbow stood up on wobbling legs.

	"Eagle..."  Ebon leaned over, murmuring.  "It's acting up again..."

	"Yeah, I get it."  Eagle nodded, then trotted to Rainbow's side.  "Rainbow?  How bad is it this time?"

	"I said I'm fine," Rainbow grumbled.

	"Because there's room in the infirmary for another pony, I'm sure."  Eagle smiled and placed a hoof on the pegasus' shoulder.  "Lemme just walk you down there and—"

	"Don't you guys get a clue?!" Rainbow snapped, batting Eagle's hoof away and frowning.  "I said I'm fine so I'm fine!"  She hobbled forward.  "Besides, the ship's more important than me."

	Eagle Eye winced, biting his lip.  "Rainbow..."

	"Well?  How about it?"  Rainbow glared at Props as she trotted by.  "We learn anything?"

	"Uhhhhhhhhhh..." Props shifted uncomfortably.

	"You know what?  Forget it.  I'm sure you've got control of it."  Rainbow limped on towards the cockpit and shimmied her way down the crawlspace.  "I'm gonna go crash for a bit.  Knock on the doorframe to the observation room when you all are ready to give it another go."

	That said, the ponies were left alone on the top deck, fidgeting in the cold winds.

	Dead silent.
		//------------------------------//
		// Because We've Laughed Them All		//------------------------------//

	The dark interior of the Noble Jury shifted with the weight of the vessel's deceleration.

	A pair of chestnut brown eyes fluttered open to dim lantern light.

	Bellesmith sat up, her face blank.  After a few seconds, she blinked.  A sigh escaped her lips as she gazed down.

	Kera laid on her side amidst the blankets of the small cabin's cot.  Her eyelids were shut, just as still as the rest of her.  The tattooed filly's lungs rose and fell with tiny breaths.

	Belle bit her lip.  Leaning down, she nuzzled the child gently, careful not to disturb her slumber.  She remained their, her cheek resting against the back of the filly's mane.  Just as the mare's eyes began watering, she shuffled off the bed and stood on wobbling legs.  Her head turned towards a grimy mirror.  In the dim light, a lethargic reflection stared back.  A neck-length mane hung in tattered strings.  Belle brought her hoof up, running it through the frazzled mess.  A brush lay on the end-table, and for a brief moment she reached her forelimb towards it.  She froze, however, and stood limply in place.

	Seconds later, Belle shuffled towards the door to the cabin.  She rotated the valve and pushed the metal thing open.  Lingering in the doorframe, she paused, turned around, and gazed at Kera.  With a lasting breath, she limped out of the cabin altogether and shut the door just a crack behind her.



	With softly clanking hooves, Belle descended the ladder of the forward vertical crawlspace.  She came to a stop on the bottom deck, turning towards the bow.  She blinked.

	A canvas curtain hung across the entrance to the observation room, blotting out all light coming from Rainbow Dash's chosen sleeping q