halanx, aiming their manarifles at the tunnel exit.  The last stumbling equines gasped, their eyes lit up by the weapons' light.  Arcshod and Seclorum hoisted them out of the way just milliseconds before a wall of pulsating purple slime poured out, splashing outward in every direction.

	"Fire!"  Razzar howled, and then the room filled with thunder.  Solid waves of yellow energy surged into the corridor, roasting every square inch of the door-frame.  The bubbling ooze rolled back, undulated, and splashed forward with greater speed and viscosity.

	The Lounge members adjusted their weapons, intensifying the mana output as they collectively struggled to beat the deadly solution back.  In the meanwhile, Razzar turned, snarled, and shoved several ponies towards the far end of the room.

	"You wish to go?!  Then go!" his voice crackled loudly through the mask.  "We'll hold them back as best as we can!"

	"Throw yourselves at 'em while you're at it," Seclorum grumbled, then galloped up the stairs, ushering several fellow survivors along in the process.  "Keep moving!  Head for the door at the top of the stairwell!"

	"Move it!" Josho added.  He glanced upwards in mid gallop.  "Rainbow Dash—"

	"I could use some cover!" Rainbow hollered, watching in horror as two pegasi violently slipped past the Lounge's blockade.  Set ablaze by manafire, the undead creatures stumbled their way through the vines and dove at a train of galloping ponies, their mouths drooling with lavender acid.

	Josho's eyes darted upwards.  He aimed his shotgun and blasted at a length of plant branches.  P-Pow!  A length of vines fell.  "Paint bucket—"

	"Got it!"  Rainbow twirled sideways, spun, and grabbed the loose end of the falling vine in her mouth.  Swinging her body around, she flew in a wide arc and clotheslined the two pegasi with the thorny branch.  Both creatures twirled from the blow and slammed into a far wall, exploding into wet puddles awash with fluttering eyeballs.

	"Quezaat spare us!" a naga's voice could be heard shouting.  Rainbow spun a glance over her shoulder.  She saw Razzar's phalanx buckling, stumbling backwards as the dense flood of slime finally emerged from the corridor.  With deadly splashes, one equine after another galloped out of the mess, charging the valiant defenders.  Manafire converged on the undead hoard, sending them collapsing to the floor in wet splashes, spreading the slime thicker and thicker across the ancient granite.

	"Retreat, my brothers!"  Razzar shouted, nudging the other cloaked figures along.  "I shall give you cover—"  Just as he said this, a bipedal shape leapt out of the slime, lunging towards him.  Holding his breath, Razzar ducked while the creature soared over his scalp.

	Props gasped as she and Arcshod jumped in opposite directions.  The thrashing creature collapsed against the large plant in the center of the room, a large thick tail whipping as it gnashed blindly at the air with a scaled mouth.

	"Nagu'n!" Arcshod sputtered.

	"Is that one of the Lounge?" a pony breathlessly stammered from the stairs.  "But... it d-died just minutes ago—"

	"Hressssshhhh!"  The slime covered monster lunged at the ponies.

	"Mmmmffnnngh!" Rainbow Dash dove down and slammed into the thing's chest.  "It's looking pretty darn alive now!"

	"Rainbow, watch out!" Props' voice cracked.

	The beast propped itself up on its necrotic tail, swinging a fist full of claws at the pegasus' face.

	Rainbow ducked, then flapped her wings so she could backstep from its second lunge.

	Sliiiink!  The monster's claws grazed the carapace of the plant, spilling bright orange fluid all across the floor.  Rainbow Dash inadvertently slipped on the juice, falling awkwardy to her spine.  The reptile spun, vomited purple ooze, and pounced towards the mare.

	Rainbow flinched—

	Pffft-Thunk!  A single crossbolt sailed into the thing's neck, pinning it—dangling—to the trunk of the plant.  The dead naga hung there above Rainbow Dash, twitching and convulsing.  Then, with a sickening pop