, its tail snapped clean from its body and fell to the ground with a splash of surging purple slime.

	Spluttt!  A dollop of the ooze splattered across the room... and caught Props tail.  The mare gasped, collapsing breathlessly to the floor as the slime coagulated, spreading through her blonde hairs.

	"D-Dashie!" Props whimpered, goggled eyes wide.

	"Props!" Rainbow shouted.

	Schiiing! Arcshod unsheathed his scimitar.  In one massive stride, he swung the blade at full force, cutting off the last third of Props' tail hairs.

	The mare gasped, scrambling away from the puddle.

	Rainbow grabbed her forelimbs and yanked her safely away while three more undead pegasi galloped up.

	"Raaaaaaaugh!" Arcshod howled in fury, lopping two heads off in one swing and skewering the chest of another.  The last living corpse stuck itself on his blade, dribbling blood and slime that crept like animated mold up the sword.  Realizing that it was a lost cause to salvage the weapon, Arcshod kicked away at the blade's hilt and levitated his crossbolt, skewering the skull of the impaled beast and the advancing pegasi behind it.  The muscular Xonan joined the Lounge as they marched backwards up the stairs, firing potshots at the flood of equine death and slime spreading rapidly across the stairs and crawling up the steps after the survivors.

	Meanwhile, up above, Rainbow Dash deposited Props' frazzled body besides Josho at the top of the stairs as they all went charging through the doorway and into the immense stairwell beyond.
		//------------------------------//
		// It's Simply Called Advancing Backwards		//------------------------------//

	"Eeugh!" Elma convulsed in Belle's embrace.  Her black shell flickered from one coat to another as her eyes fumed with green smoke.  "No!  N-no, mother, please!"

	"Elma!" Bellesmith hissed, dragging her deeper into the confines of a collapsed zeppelin. She tried desperately to silence her.  "Elma, you must be quiet!  They'll hear us!"

	"D-don't do it, mother!" Elma squeaked and writhed.  "Don't do it to them!"  She curled her forelimbs and sobbed into Belle's chest.  "So... so tired... so s-sick and tired of devouring pain..."

	"What's happening, Elma?"  Belle gulped and stammered, "What's 'mother' doing to who?  What is she planning?"

	No sooner was she done asking this then a loud series of buzzing sounds flitted past the zeppelin.  Belle glanced out a rusted, gaping window just in time to catch streaking black bodies on dragonfly wings.



	Pilate winced.  It wasn't enough that his visual senses were being overloaded by the Oracular Array of red lines against virtual blackness.  The rolling thunder of the Stratopolitan tempest pounded his eardrums, making it hard to walk straight, much less carry the weight of the amber skystone on his back.

	Neverthless, he pressed forward, keeping the Lounge's energy rod that Roarke had given him close to his side.  He was about to trot past the umpteenth marble pillar when—suddenly—his helm practically vibrated from the sheer amount of information he was receiving.  He didn't know exactly how or why, but he sensed a dense cloud of objects surging up from behind.

	"What in Spark's name...?"

	Pilate's heartrate increased tenfold.  Glancing left, he saw a collapsed pillar lying on its side beneath a crashed manaship.  There was a niche within that was small enough for his body.  He rushed over, slid on the moist balcony's surface, and threaded his body through the narrow crack.

	Not long after, several objects zipped by, propelled by blurred wings.  Pilate stared out—but realized he didn't have to.  Even through the immediate structures surrounding him, he could sense the flying bodies as they streamed through the rain and wind.

	"...twelve... seventeen... twenty-two..."  He didn't realize he was doing it at first, but he was counting each of the bodies, clearly separating them from the rest of the chaos and noise.  "...thirty-five..."  His brow furrowed under the helm.  "Where are they off to in such a hurry?"