

	It was then that he started to feel massive vibrations through the floor of the balcony beneath him.  Whatever was happening, it wasn't in sync with the thunder.

	Determined, Pilate slid back out from underneath the niche and trotted swiftly—cautiously—after the flying figures.



	"Th-they're coming!" Props stammered beneath the sound of the rattling mana crystals on her back.

	"We can all see that!" Seclorum grunted, pausing along the stairs to reload his crossbow.  "Now keep moving!"

	The procession of Xonans, Ledomaritans, and Lounge scampered its way up the spiral stairs.  Some took the opposite path, so that when they paused to fire down at the advancing muck, their projectiles criss-crossed and converged on their target.

	But the danger was growing larger, faster, and more widespread.  With each undead pegasi shot, the virulent puddle multiplied in size and speed.  Soon, a deluge of the stuff was fountaining out from the chamber below and rapidly rushing up the walls of the place.

	"It's no use!" Josho shouted, his voice drowned out by the echoing shrieks of the winged monstrosities.  He blasted the brains out of a lunging pegasus and watched as it plunged back down into the curdling depths.  "Every time we kill one of these motherbuckers, it only makes them stronger!"

	"Then we just have to be faster!" Rainbow Dash shouted, coaching the galloping, breathless survivors on.  "Come on!  Run like your lives depend on it!"

	"Razzar, master, they will overtake us!" one of the Lounge Members exclaimed.

	"Then we must gain the upper hand.  Come, my brothers!"  Razzar ripped his gloves off, exposing gnarled claws and rust-brown scales. He turned away from the fight completely and clamped his fingers into the curved wall of the granite pit.  His comrades followed suit, and—with tails thrashing out from under their cloaks—they shimmied swiftly up the walls of the place, easily outpacing the labored equines.

	"Gen'salla keemsleen thulien massa..."  Arcshod paused in firing to gape at the lizards.

	"Mrrrmmf..."  Seclorum galloped along, glaring at the steps ahead.  "That's just wrong."

	"Aaaugh!" a Xonan warrior grunted from far down below.

	Rainbow Dash glanced down.

	The tattooed mare had collapsed on her chest.  Another Xonan rushed over to help her, but it was too late.  A bubbling pool lapped up to their limbs.  Floating eyes blinked and all turned towards the two victims while the haunting heartbeat intensified.

	Gritting her teeth, Rainbow Dash blurred down towards the scene.  She hoisted one forelimb under the mare's chest and another under the other pony's.  Fiercely beating her wings, she took off slowly, floating away from the stairs as they washed over with purple slime.

	"Nnnngh!  Just... h-how many dang... grasshoppers h-have you been stuffing yourselves with here?!  J-jeez!"

	"Nagu'n!" the mare in her grasp shouted, for directly beneath them a pair of pegasi emerged—groaning—from the lavender mass and flew at full speed.

	"Razzar!" A naga shouted.  "Down below!"

	In one deep breath, Razzar hung from one arm, pivoted, unholstered his pistol, and fired down the pit.

	The yellow energy blasts struck one pegasus in the chest and the other one right between the eyes.

	Invigorated, Rainbow Dash gritted her teeth and flew faster, streaming up past Razzar and his fellow lizards.  The Lounge fired down at the mess while the equines continued scaling the stairs.  Rainbow soared away from the echoing chaos, making it to the top level where she safely deposited the two breathless Xonans.

	Without wasting a second, Rainbow kicked off the platform, backflipped, and dove back down into the raging battle.  "Josho!" she shouted.  "We won't make it at this rate!  Time to cheat!"

	"Yeah, I hear ya!"  Josho grabbed Props' waist with one forelimb and Seclorum's with another  "This should bring back memories, Secchy, old chum."

	"H-huh?!"  Flash!  Seclorum went cross-eyed as he appeared dozens of meters above in a blink.  He grunted as Josho lan