ded with him and Props on the upper platform, dropping them like ragdolls to the granite floor.  "Bleaachkk!  Ledo's vulva, Josho!  Warn a stallion, why don'tcha?!"

	"Jee, I'm sorry for giving you yet another lease on life."  Josho bravely plunged himself back into the abyss while his horn sparkled.  "Gotta jet!" Flash!

	Josho materialized halfway down the steps.  He reached out and grabbed the closest survivors he could.

	"Rainbow?!  I'm holding up my end!  How about you?!"

	"Grnnngh!"  Rainbow hissed as she somehow managed to carry two survivors in her arms and one frazzled Ledomaritan on her back.  "Working... on... it...!"

	Two pegasi suddenly lunged at her.  Before she could react, the Ledomaritan on her back fired a crossbolt, sending one creature tumbling into another until they both exploded in the coverging manafire of the Lounge.

	"Just fly!" Razzar hollered.  "It's our only way out of this!"

	"If... nnngh... you th-think for one second that we're even..." Rainbow snarled.

	"We can kill each other once we're done killing them!"

	"Raaaaaaaaaugh!" Arcshod slammed the skulls of two pegasi with the butt of his crossbow.  While Josho ported back down to rescue the warrior's remaining companions, the large Xonan stood his ground halfway up the spiraling stairs, firing multiple bolts at the advancing undead.

	The shrieking pegasi wormed their way into a living stream, curling and spiraling their way upwards like a serpent of purple slime.  They adapted to the firing patterns of the Lounge, snaking swiftly up the pit and approaching with great speed.  At last, avoiding a series of yellow energy beams, they slammed into the bottom of the stairwell just beneath Arcshod.

	"Grunngh!"  The large unicorn teetered, nearly falling off the stairs entirely.  Her heard a cracking sound, and he looked straight down.  A deep fracture had formed in the stairs beneath him.  Clenching his jaw hard, he aimed his horn at the segment of stairs and pulled with all his telekinetic might.  At last, he ripped loose a huge chunk of stone granite.  By now, the pegasi had rose to his level, charging like a living serpent's head.

	With a loud shout, Archod mercilessly threw the enormous slab of granite straight into the swarm.  The air filled with the sickening crunch of many-many bones.  The stream of pegasi shattered completely, their limbs and bodies spreading outward as they fell back into the ooze-filled pit.  Not long after, a collective mound of undead figures surged through the sea of slime below, slamming intelligently into the side of the pit.

	The entire chamber shook.  The Lounge struggled to keep their grips, relinquishing the aim of their weapons.  The stairs cracked in many places, and Arcshod—

	"Gaaaugh—Mmmmfngh—Xon!"  He teetered, slipped, and fell towards the lavender mass below.

	"Hrnnngh!"  Rainbow grunted, catching his left rear fetlock and flapping her wings as hard as she could.  With desperate resolve, she kept the large stallion dangling in place just a dozen feet above the rising muck.

	Arcshod painted in horror, his eyes reflecting the pool while more and more bodies emerged below.

	"Can't... h-hold on much longer..." Rainbow's voice cracked while her pendant flickered.  "You're... sl-slipping..."

	Flash!  Josho materialized on the stairwell parallel to her.  He gasped, nearly slipping into the slime himself.  He glanced aside, blinking at Rainbow's struggle.  "Seriously?!"

	Rainbow sweatily nodded.  "S-s-seriously," she hoarsely replied.

	Arcshod slipped an inch, his lungs emptying with a tiny yelp.

	Josho groaned.  "Oh sweet... merciful kittens..."  With a deep yell, he plunged straight out into the air, grabbed onto Arcshod's body, and fired his teleportation spell.

	Fl-Flash!  Josho, Arcshod, and Rainbow Dash materialized against the ceiling... and upside down.  With a combined shriek, the three plunged a few feet and landed on the platform's edge above the pit of death.

	"Ooof!"  Rainbow winced as she rolled over, her blue hooves curled aga