inst her chest.  "Is... is th-that all of them?"

	Josho stood up, sweating all over his fat body.  "That's... th-that is all of th-them..."

	"Dreit..."

	Right then, four reptilian bodies scurried up over the platform's edge on all fours, then stood up in their glowing cloaks and masks.

	Josho glared.  "...present scum excluded, of course."

	"They are advancing rapidly," Razzar said.  "No time for rest."

	"You don't say?!"  Rainbow Dash stood up straight, gnashing her teeth as she prepared to yell at him some more—

	"Rainbow!"  Aatxe's voice rang forth.  He galloped past Seclorum and Props and approached the pegasus.  The majority of the survivors could be seen from a distance, standing near the brightly-lit entrance to the chamber.  "Rainbow, what's going on?!  We heard screams and gunfire and..."  His eyes narrowed.  "Good heavens!  Are there less of you?"

	"Never mind!  We gotta go!"  Rainbow Dash shoved him along, pulled Josho and Arcshod to their hooves, and flapped her wings.  "We all gotta move!  Now!"

	"But... b-but what's—" Aatxe stammered in mid-gallop.

	"No time to explain!"  Rainbow Dash shouted as she soared down the tunnel ahead of the group.  The mosaics of rings and defaced pegasi blurred on either side of her.  "We gotta get out!  And we gotta seal this place up right behind us!  Pronto!"

	"But... b-but the manacrystals!"

	"I've got them!"  Props breathlessly chirped.  "And so do some of the lizard guys!  But trust us!  You don't wanna stay down here long—"

	"Holy garbage farts!" Seclorum suddenly rasped, skidding to a stop, wide-eyed.

	"Huh?!"  Rainbow frowned at him.  "Why in Luna's name are you stopping?!"  She looked ahead.  "We've gotta get out—"  She froze in mid-air, her ruby eyes twitching.

	A changeling stood right outside the door.  Then two more touched down.  Then five more.  Then ten.  Then twelve.  At last, nearly three dozen shape-shifters stood at the entrance, silhouetted against the swirling gray malaise of Stratopolis.  Then, in a burst of green flame, they all took on blue coats with rainbow-streaked manes.

	Rainbow Dash's ears folded.  "Oh no..."

	There was a lavender glow to the doorframe.  And then... SLAM!  The chamber was sealed with thirty-five times the speed with which Rainbow had first opened it.
		//------------------------------//
		// Hold On To Your Hooves		//------------------------------//

	"Oh jeebies!"  Props squeaked in the darkness.  "Oh jeebity jeebity jeebity jeebity jeebity jeebities!"

	Seclorum's horn lit up, as did his grimacing face.  "They knew it!"  He spun to face Rainbow Dash and the others as they all bunched up against the inside of the door.  "They knew we'd be in here!  They waited for us!"

	"Je'klanna semulien rekk'ar threen!"

	"Everypony, just calm the buck down!"  Josho grunted, then flung Rainbow a glance.  "How could they have shut the door?!"

	"How else?"  Rainbow's voice cracked.  "They all turned into me!"

	"It's the temple control room all over again!" Aatxe stammered.

	"Is all the evil gunk-gunk still after us?!" Props remarked.

	Razzar coolly took his position at the rear of the group, aiming down the long hallway where the pit resided.  "I do believe you'll have an answer within the next minute or two."

	As prophesied, a loud, undulating heartbeat echoed down the chamber, coming to a rumbling peak against the walls that surrounded the nervous cluster of ponies and naga.

	"Well..."  Seclorum sighed and tossed his forelimbs.  "It's been fun..."

	"It's not over yet, old friend!"  Josho spun towards Rainbow Dash.  "The door!  Can you reopen the dayum thing?"

	"On it!"  Rainbow Dash flew over, pendant-glowing, and pressed her hooves against the barricade.  A soft lavender glow filled the door, flickered, then faded.  "Ah jeez—Come onnn!"  She pressed her chest against it, struggling with her whole petite weight.  "Nnnnngh!"

	"Why isn't it budging?!" Seclorum exclaimed.

	"It's... st-staying shut from the other s-side!" Rainbow Dash hissed, concentr