ating.

	"It must be all the 'Dashies' on their end!"  Props remarked, sweating.  "They're trying to keep us locked in here!"

	"Then what do we do?!" Seclorum grunted.  "We're running out of time!"

	"I don't understand!" Aatxe remarked, staring wide-eyed at everypony.  "What's wrong?! What did you find down there?!"

	"Hra'mulien threanna!" Arcshod shouted.

	"Brace yourselves, brothers!" Razzar shouted as he cocked his manarifle and took aim.

	With banshee shrieks, two winged figures flew down the length of the corridor and sailed towards the group.  The Lounge's weapons converged on it, melting the beserker pegasus in mid-air and sending its corrosive remains splattering against the walls and floor.

	"Mother of mildew!" Aatxe shrieked like a filly.  "What are those things?!"

	"Our eternal fate, shortly," Razzar droned while taking more pot-shots at the figures flying down the hall.  "Now would be a good time to get that door open."

	"Dashie?"

	"I... c-can't get it to b-budge!"  Rainbow Dash squeaked, sweating all over.  "They're sealing us in!"

	"Then there's gotta be another way!"  Aatxe said.

	Props gritted her teeth and flashed a look at the obese stallion.  "Josho!  You got any juice left in your horniness?"

	"Nnnngh..."  Josho clenched his jaw while his horn flickered a bit.  "I think so, yeah..."

	"Josho, you'll burn out!" Seclorum said while reloading his crossbow.

	"Doesn't look like I have much of a friggin' choice."  Josho glanced across the group with shifty-eyes.  "Now, who's coming with me?"

	The air rang with another shriek.  A zombie pegasus took a shot to the head, collided with the floor, and skidded wetly to a stop less than ten feet away.  A pile of muck splashed towards the group—causing the ponies to shriek.  The Lounge's combined shots beat it back, but then they had to switch their firepower back on the lunging figures from the distant pit.

	"No time for delicacy!" Rainbow Dash shouted.  "Get on the other side and distract them!  I just might be able to get this door open!"

	"Right."  Josho took a deep, deep breath... and grabbed Seclorum's and Arcshod's shoulders.  "You two've been drafted, soldiers."

	Arcshod blinked, lopsided.  "Buh?"  FLASH!  The Xonan gasped into hurricane winds, surrounded by blue fuzz and rainbows.

	"Hocrap!" Seclorum flinched, his face reflected in two dozen pairs of ruby eyes.

	"Hckkkt—Gaugh!"  Josho wheezed, stumbled forward, and lay prone with his shotgun cocked at the ready. "Well... this should be interesting."  Bl-Blam!  Blammmm!

	Two Rainbow Dashes dropped to the floor when—suddenly—they no longer had their skulls.  Five times as many shape-shifters leapt over the corpses of their two siblings and charged Josho, snarling.

	"Hraaaaaaugh!"  Arcshod galloped forward, slamming through the first wave with his mighty forelimbs.  He swung his crossbow from left to right like a club, knocking even more to the ground before taking aim at the center of the floundering group.  He punctured the chest of one changeling, spilling green blood into the heavy winds before spinning to tackle another creature charging from the sides.

	Three more creatures pounced on Arcshod's flank.  A single crossbolt sailed through the neck of two of them and sent them flying off into the gale force winds.  Seclorum reloaded his crossbolt and stood flank-to-flank with Josho while his old friend reloaded the shotgun.

	"Brings back old memories, eh, fatso?!" Seclorum managed to snarl.

	"Secchy..." Josho cocked his rifle and fired again.  Blam!  Blammm! "You must have found some really funky mushrooms in this Ledo-forsaken place to think this resembles any of our previous scrapes!"

	"Hra'dranna sulien threem'assa!"  Arcshod sweatily stammered, struggling to beat back thicker and thicker waves of rainbow doppelgangers.  "Ra'varnnum rekkhar thien!"

	"We won't last at this rate!"  Seclorum sputtered.  "We need more muscle!"

	"R-right..."  Josho wheezed, struggling up to his hooves.  "Be right back..."  His horn st