arted to sparkle.

	"Josho, no!  You're weak enough as it is!"

	"Better a sissy than dead!" Josho grumbled.  "Trust me.  I've got first-hoof knowledge.  Ggrrrrrrrrrrghhh!"  His horn pulsed. Flash!  He landed upside down within the dark corridor on the other side of the barricade.  The sound of manablasts and shrieking pegasi hit his beleaguered ears.

	"You're b-back!" Aatxe exclaimed.

	"Yeah..." Josho wheezed.  "And it's... kaff... k-kaff... a b-bad show out there..."

	"Well, whatever you're doing, it's working!"  Rainbow Dash wheezed.  Howling wind pierced its way into the compartment as she lowered the door slowly—inch by inch—with a lavender glow.  "It's starting to b-budge!"

	"Maybe it'll work better on the other side, Dashie!"  Props exclaimed.

	"Sounds good to me..."  Josho struggled, ultimately crawling over and grasping her tail.  "Ya ready for vomit-town?"

	"Josho, h-hold up!" her voice cracked.  "Can you even jump again?"

	"Seems to be our only t-ticket!"

	"At least make it worth it!" Razzar shouted, signaling to one of his comrades.  A Lounge member reloaded his manarifle and rushed over while the other two stuck by Razzar's side.  "We can hold them off in here, but not for long!"

	"Nnnngh..."  Rainbow Dash bit her lips, then blurted, "Fine!  Anypony else?"

	"Can Josho take three with him?!" Props stammered.

	"You!"  Josho pointed to a random Xonan mare and beckoned her over.  "Get your scimitar ready.  It's close combat over there!"

	Rainbow squinted.  "Why her?"

	Josho shrugged.  "Figured the last ponies I ever hug might as well have someone sexy."  Taking a deep breath, he lunged forward and embraced a cluster of scales, tattoos, and blue fuzz.  "Zoop!"

	Flash!
		//------------------------------//
		// Black, White, Red All Over		//------------------------------//

	Pilate galloped and galloped.  To his right, the world was a whirling tapestry of red streaks against a black canvas.  Before long, crimson bodies surged in and out of the finely woven mess.

	Holding his breath, he dashed behind a pillar and pressed his body against it, hugging the mana-powered rod to his chest with trembling forelimbs.  He found that the longer he sat in one place, the clearer an "image" he got of the architecture dead ahead of him.  Dozens of winged equines were converging upon one spot, and his ears detected the sound of an ongoing structure.

	Just then, his Oracular Array fluctuated all over.  He winced, sensing a surge of mana feedback through his helm.  As soon as the pulse of energy dissipated, he detected six bodies pressed against a wall.  From their movements and jerking patterns, he guessed that they were fighting off the waves of equines ganging up on them.  One was a unicorn, significantly bigger and more muscular than the rest.  Another was a creature of slender, lithe built with a thick tail—a naga, Pilate guessed.  Last but not least, he sensed an obese equine lying prone to the ground and a winged figure hovering directly above it.

	"Rainbow..."  Pilate's lips slurred.

	The fight carried on and on.  The sound of mana blasts and whizzing crossbolts filled the air.

	Pilate hugged the energy rod to his chest.  He closed his eyes, but the red lines and crimson figures did not vanish.  That's what finally made him frown, summoning a guttural snarl from deep within his striped being.  Hooves clopping across the wet granite, he pulled himself into a heavy gallop.



	"Josho!"  Rainbow Dash exclaimed, shaking and jostling the collapsed stallion's shoulder.  "Come on, ya big lug!  Say something!"

	"Mmmfnnngh... bordello..."  Josho's eyes rolled back in his head while his horn pulsated at random.  "One night in the red room, pl-please," he gurgled.  "Not much R&R left, darling..."

	"He's pooped!" Seclorum shouted, smacking away a changeling.  "Do your door-thingy, dammit!"

	"Rrrgh!"  Rainbow Dash spun about and slapped her hooves across the center of the Urohringr symbol.  "Just keep them off from us a little bit longer!"

	"Jaat'sanna krad