dit threem!" Arcshod shouted as the fellow Xonan warrior joined his side, fighting off the shape-shifting waves with her scimitar.

	"Right!  Easier said than done!" Seclorum howled.

	"It's... st-starting to budge!"  Rainbow Dash said between panting breaths.  Sure enough, the barricade began its slow descent downwards.  Rainbow's pendant glowed as her essence gradually overcame the spell that her doppelgangers had put on the barrier.  "Hey!  Can you guys on the other side hear me?!"

	"Loud and cl-clear, Dashie!" Props' voice faintly squeaked.


	The engineer stood up on her hind legs, balancing the manacrystals on her flanks as she shouted through cupped hooves.  "It's about enough space now to slip and slide through!"

	"Just h-hang on!" Rainbow grunted against the howl of hurricane winds and thunder.  "I'll get this thing open all the way soon!"

	Props would have answered, but just then a decapitated pegasus head splattered against the wall beside her, forcing her to shriek.  She spun and looked down the corridor.

	A solid line of galloping undead equines had formed.  Razzar, his comrades, and a line of survivors with crossbows were firing wave after wave of projectiles at the rampaging hoard.  Their charge refused to buckle.  Sloshing waves of purple muck swept from wall to wall, rolling towards the group like pulsating lava flow.

	"Uhhhhh..."  Aatxe sweated profusely, glancing back and forth from the line of death to the thin space at the top of the doorframe.  "That's good enough!" He motioned to several ponies, then propped his body against the base of the door, straightening his back.  "Hop on and hop over!  Move!  Move!  Move!"

	"Ya hear that, Dashie?!" Props shouted.  "We're sending p-ponies through!"

	"Sounds good to me!" Rainbow said.



	Sweating, she flung a glance over her shoulder.  "Tell 'em to get ready for a fight!"

	"Hraaaaaugh!"  Arcshod charged a throng of rainbow-maned doppelgangers, headbutting them with his massive horn.  The winged shape-shifters surged back, swung around, and grabbed at his neck and flank.

	"Hnnngh!"  The Xonan mare charged to her superior's side, swinging the scimitar and lopping off a length of green carapace.  The wounded changeling fell—hissing in agony—while Arcshod threw the rest of the bodies off him.  Shape-shifters flailed in the air, momentarily losing cohesion of their blue coat and feathers.

	P-Pow!  The naga's manarifle shot through two of the airborne changelings in one blast.  He cocked his weapon and glanced over his shoulder.  "More from the upper clouds!  Incoming—"  A pair of changelings rammed into his side.  "Ooof!"  The naga fell hard to the floor, his manarifle rattling loosely to the side.

	Panting, Rainbow Dash glanced over from the door while ponies slipped through the frame, one at a time.

	Several prismatic doppelgangers galloped over the conked-out naga and attacked Seclorum's side.  They shoved the aged stallion up against a pillar and wrestled the crossbow from his telekinetic grip.  He yelled and struggled with them, but was swiftly overwhelmed.  A cluster of changelings pulled at his forelimbs and lifted him skyward—flailing.

	Rainbow Dash bit her lip, glanced at the door hanging halfway open, then clenched her jaws.  Planting her hooves against the Urohringr symbol, she coiled her muscles, kicked off, and propelled herself like a missile towards Seclorum's plight.  "Rrrrrrrgh-Haa!"

	Wh-Whud!  Rainbow bowled mercilessly through the shape-shifters.  Their bodies turned black as they spun into the whipping-winds.  Breathless, Seclorum plunged towards the depths of Stratopolis.

	Grip!  Rainbow clasped onto Seclorum's forelimbs, spun completely around, and tossed him back towards the balcony.

	Arcshod twirled, gasped, and activated his telekinesis just in time to catch the thrown Ledomaritan.  The two slid back to the wall while more and more ponies poured out, joining the battle with crossbows and makeshift bludgeons.

	"Wh-what?!"  Seclorum glanced up, blinking.  "Oh, great!"  He