 blanched at the sight of a virtual dogfight of blue coats and rainbow manes.  "Now who do we know which one is the real deal?!"

	"I'm the only one who's awesome!"  Rainbow Dash's voice cracked.  She was too busy flinging her hooves, elbows, and leg-joints into any body part that presented itself.  Spinning like a blue top inside the floating melee of gnashing changelings, she shouted at the group.  "Don't worry about me!  Just make sure the rest of the survivors get out and—"

	A savage uppercute silenced the pegasus, and she flew back into a granite pillar, hard.

	"Aaaugh!"  Rainbow slumped down.  She trembled, spitting up blood.  Looking up, her ruby eyes narrowed on a solid line of diving doppelgangers.  Stealthily, she rubbed a hoof around the front of her pendant.  Then, just as they descended on her, she stood up straight, tilting her neck back and dousing the group with an unmitigated blast of enchanted light.  "Say cheese!"

	Several of the doppelgangers instantly flinched, hovering backwards in midair as they covered their eyes and groaned.  One by one, their bodies morphed from blue coats to black shells.

	The naga glanced up through his mask.  "That works..."  Clakka-Clak!  He took aim and fired a mana pulse at the thick group of exposed changelings.

	Pow!  The resulting blast showered black limbs and green blood over Rainbow's figure.  She flew back, collapsing by Josho's side with a grunt.

	"Nnnngh!"  Sputtering, she wiped her muzzle clean of the insectoid slime and snarled.  "Dang it!  Did Razzar at least teach you a thing or two about—"

	Th-Thap!  Three glaring Rainbow Dashes landed directly in front of the real-deal, glaring down at her with identical, devilish smirks.

	Rainbow's ears folded.  "...bad end."

	The doppelgangers crouched, preparing to leap all at once.  It was precisely then at a red energy blast sailed in, smacking one changeling across the skull and sending it reeling against the others.

	Breathless, Rainbow Dash looked up—then did a double-take.

	"Hnnngh!"  A striped stallion in a black helm landed.  He snarled into a glowing staff gripped in his muzzle.  Twisting his whole body, the zebra knocked the legs out from beneath all three shape-shifters and fired an energy blast into their collapsing sides for good measure.

	"Pilate!"  Rainbow Dash gasped, her smiling jaw hanging wide open.  She hopped up, ears perked.  "Omigosh omigosh omigosh!  You're..."  She blinked, her eyes contorting.  "...a friggin' cyborg."

	Pilate's whole body twitched.  He spun sideways and shouted—muffled—into his staff.  "Behind you!"  Z-Zap!  His energy rod fired a crimson blast at a pair of blue changelings descending on Rainbow Dash.  Without a second breath, Pilate galloped, leapt over her and Josho, and mercilessly pummeled the stumbling creatures into submission.

	"Uhhhhhh..."  Rainbow Dash stared numbly.  She gulped.  "...Derp?"

	"It's..."  Josho wheezed, slowly becoming cognizant again.  "It's... one of the br-broodlings?"

	"I highly doubt it."

	Josho coughed.  "How do you kn-know?"

	Rainbow slowly shook her dumbfounded expression.  "I don't think there's enough imagination in 'em..."

	"Hraaaugh!"  Pilate shouted before slamming his staff into another hopeless skull.

	
		//------------------------------//
		// The Second Fall of Stratopolis		//------------------------------//

	"Don't stop climbing through!" Aatxe shouted, heaving another pony over his shoulders while Props and two more equines helped.  "We gotta get outside!"

	"They're almost here!" a mare shrieked.

	Her voice was swallowed up by the sound of several muck-covered bodies bounding their way.  The Lounge's energy blasts knocked the undead pegasi to the floor, inadvertently collecting a puddle of deathly slime just a few spare inches in front of the group.

	While his two companions reloaded, Razzar stepped back and shouted into a communicator on his wrist.  "Vaughan, brother!  We need you!  Bring the ship around to our mana signatures and prepare to take us off th