e platform!"

	There was no reply.  The air grew louder and louder with a deathly drumbeat as the ravaging pegasi drew closer and closer.

	"Vaughan!" Razzar hissed.  "We have the mana crystals!  But there's a grave problem here!  We need an evacuation!"

	Further silence.

	His voice dripped loosely out of his mask.  "Why doesn't he answer...?"

	"Brother, look out!"

	Razzar looked up.  His body quivered under the shadow of a leaping pegasus.  He jumped back, swinging his rifle at the ready.  The naga was too slow, and the zombified creature bucked the weapon out of his hands and prepared to pounce at his torso.  Th-Thunk!  The sharp end of a wrench flew into the creature's neck.  Gurgling up purple goo, the pegasus fell over in a meaty slump.

	Razzar glanced breathlessly to his side.

	Props' body was frozen in a heavy toss.  She leaned back, breathing deeply.  "We've got most everypony through!  Time to go!"

	"It's now or never!" Aatxe sputtered as he helped the mare over.



	Outside, Pilate sensed Props' body being slid out the tiny frame in the door.  He sensed Aatxe, the three naga, and the wall of frenzied equines charging them from the other side.  As a matter of fact, Pilate sensed almost everything with a thirty-foot radius.  It just so happened that he was currently preoccupied with slamming his staff against several changeling skulls.

	"Hnnnngh!"  The zebra hissed into his toothy grip of the bludgeon.  "Mmmmfhh-ghhh!"  Every violent impact was rewarded with a wild splash of bright red streaks across a black slate.  He even sensed the inner juices of the changeling anatomy swirling and becoming inflamed with each major hit to their bodies.  His helm fluctuated a series of cross-hatches over their exoskeletons, betraying the fact that they were struggling to maintain their fake exteriors.

	"Dashie!  Is that...?  Oh blessed soot stains!  Is that really—?"

	"Don't hug the zebra right now, girl!" Rainbow Dash retorted.  "He's kicking flank!"

	"I thought you trotted in here with that fellow being blind!" Seclorum's voice breathlessly growled.

	"I did!"

	"Then what's the deal?!"

	"Uhhhh—"

	"Rainbow?!"  Pilate spun, sweat pouring down from beneath his helm.  "Rainbow!"  He focused on a winged figure that was currently fending off and uppercutting a trio of similar shapes.  "I'm glad I found you!  This is a case of dire circumstances!  You must help me with—"

	"You're telling me!  This is about as dire as—wait a second..."  With a grunt, the wing-flapping figure kicked off a doppleganger and pivoted towards him.  A solid red pony planted her hooves against her dangling hips.  "How do you know that I'm the real me?"

	Pilate staggered in place, pausing to pant.  "I... I-I'm not sure.  You're... uhm... d-denser?"

	"Excuse me?"

	"This helm!  It shows you in a different light than the rest of the—"

	"And just where in the heck did you get that?!"

	"Roarke gave it to me!  She also provided me this piece of skystone which I must somehow—"

	Whooosh!  The one crimson shape suddenly flew up to Pilate, gripping his shoulders.  "Roarke gave this stuff to you?!" Rainbow's voice cracked in his face.  A beat.  She shook his shoulders.  "Roarke is here?!"

	"Yes!  Rainbow, there's no time!  We gotta bring this skystone to—"

	"We're out!" Aatxe's voice stammered as his body slipped out of the door.  "Everypony's accounted for!"

	Razzar's joined in.  "That includes us.  You may wish to know that the menace is right behind."

	"Dashie!  You gotta close it!" Props squeaked.

	"On it!"  Rainbow zoomed back towards the door.

	Right at that moment, Pilate sensed a pair of changelings diving down at his flank.  Within a second, he judged that they'd be smashing his legs out from under him.

	Snarling, he spun and aimed the sparkling end of his staff.  However, to his surprise, there was nothing there.  The changelings were gone.

	He gulped.  "Is... is it m-malfunctioning?"

	He heard a few lingering blasts of manafire, followed by Seclo