k large enough to--”

    “You don’t have to go all encyclopedia on me!” the stallion shouted.  “Will it work?”

    “It will work more than it will not work!” Pilate said, wincing.

    “Good enough!  Tell me what to do!”

    “You see that lever over there?  Beneath the black tank?”

    “Yes…”

    “Go and grab it in both hooves!  Don’t pull until I tell you to!”

    The stallion odded and ran to his position.

    In the meantime, Pilate rushed forward, turned three dials, spun a pair of valves, and then galloped over to a lever at the black tank on the other side.  He gripped it and looked to where his colleague was standing.  “We pull at the same time.  Keep an eye on the furnaces.  If this works, the flame in the two chambers will spread to all five.  Once they’re uniformly lit up, we have to push the two levers in the middle, and it’ll send a brief but functional mana burst throughout the ship’s manaconduits.  You got that?”

    “Yeah!  Sure thing!”

    “Okay!” Pilate nodded.  “With me!”  He took a deep breath.  “Three… two… one… pull!”

    Both ponies pulled the levers as one.  A low hiss emanated from the engine, and then--no less than twenty seconds later--all five furnaces lit up with bright blue light.

    “Whoah!”  The stallion jolted, then smirk.  “Hey!  Just like you said!”  He panted and glanced over with a sweaty smile.  “Fine work!”

    Pilate could barely make out his words from a loud groaning sound filling the room.  The zebra’s ears twitched, and he turned left to see a massive dent rupturing across the bulkheads of the room.  He shouted, “Grab onto something--”

    CRACK!  The portside wall tore completely off from the rest of the hull.  Bright sunlight flooded the compartment, and a gust of cold wind fountained through the exposed interior.  The ship reeled from the decompression, tilting hard to port.  Pilate was already grasping a metal bar.  The other stallion…

    “Nnngh--Guh!”  He somersaulted, toppled, and slid across the floor towards the gaping hole.  His limbs fumbled vainly for a hoofhold.  Only when his body flew backwards did he begin to shriek, but even that was cut savagely short when his skull made contact with a dangling bulkhead.  There was a spray of red mist, and then his body darted away, disappearing into the yawning countryside below.

    Pilate hissed in strain, clutching desperately to the metal bar.  He wrenched his eyes away from the sight of the Ledomaritan landscape below.

    All five furnaces were churning brightly with vibrant blue energy.

    He felt the ship tearing apart above and around him.  As the wind pelted his face and mane, he saw the countryside looming closer and closer beyond the ruptured hull.  With a determined breath, he swung his body back, planted his lower legs against the nearest wall, and bucked with all his might.

    “Hnnngh!”

    Pilate slid across the careening floor.  His body shifted towards the gaping hole along the portside, but his forelimbs flew forward just in time to grasp the twin levers beneath the centermost mana furnace.  Dangling loosely, he swung his lower body forward, braced himself against the engine wall, and pulled his lower body down.

    Both levers swung with him.  Not long after, the lights of the damaged engine room flickered briefly to life.

    Pilate tilted his head up, mouth agape as he listened to the hum of mana being distributed throughout the whole zeppelin.

    Just then, there was another shake.  A console somewhere a deck above must have exploded.  Flames erupted just outside the hole, and the ship was thrown so that it tilted the opposite way and towards starboard.

    “Haaaugh!”  Pilate felt himself thrown against a wall of sparking instruments.   He winced, sprawling about as he struggled to find balance.  Dazedly, he looked up.

    Blue sky loomed beyond the gaping hole.  After two streams of black smoke wafted by, he saw the glint of lig