rum's shouting voice.  "They're leaving!  The shape-shifters are bugging out!"

	"I'll give you one guess as to why," Josho grumbled.

	"Everypony, away from the door!" Aatxe shouted.

	"Keep your distance, brothers!"

	Props' voice rang, "Do you need help—"

	"No!" Rainbow grunted.  Pilate sensed her petite frame propped up against the door and its circular granite impressions.  The barricade was slowly... icily grinding its way up the stone frame while every pony and naga trained their weapons on the thin space above.  "Just stay back!  I got this!  Only I can close this!"

	"It would benefit us all greatly if you made haste..."

	"I'm... nnngh... tr-trying!"

	"Quicker, Dashie!  Quicker!  It's almost shut!"

	"Nagu'n..."

	"It's too late!  They're pouring through!"
		//------------------------------//
		// Run For Your Bucking Life		//------------------------------//

	The first river of slime jettisoned through the crack in the doorframe to Rainbow's right.  She flinched, nevertheless keeping her hooves pressed to the Urohringr symbol as the barricade slowly, slowly rose towards the ceiling.

	Then a second stream of muck poured through.  The shrieks of the survivors echoed in horror.  Rainbow caught the sight of bobbing eyeballs in her peripheral.  Her ears filled with the rhythmic bass beat of the evil within.  Then, all in one accord, the floating eyes on either side swiveled to face her.

	"Dashie!  Look out!"

	Rainbow flinched.  She glanced up.  A curtain of purple goo was raining down on her.  She flapped her wings and rotated to the left, rolling out of the path of the falling gunk.  Fumbling and breathless, she struggled to plant her hooves flat against the door to the heart of Stratopolis once again.  The ooze was pouring down in three places all around her, slowing the door's ascent by tenfold.  Before she knew it, undead bodies started rising from the impossibly thin spaces that the growing lavender puddles occupied.

	"Rainbow, you're surrounded!  They're bursting out all around you!" Josho's voice shouted.  Already, hooves were storming off into the distance as half of the survivors simply turned and ran.

	"I... can... cl-close it...!" Rainbow sputtered, even as necrotic wings twitched on the edge of her vision.

	"Rainbow, stay alive!" Pilate's voice shouted through the mess.  "More than anything, we need you alive!"

	"Don't leave us, Dashie!"

	Rainbow snarled.  At this point, all she could hear was heartbeat.  Her nostrils filled with rust and decay.  She took one glance up, and her ears drooped.  There was five times as much space left between the door and the ceiling than she had anticipated, and now the purple muck was gushing through like a waterfall.

	"Gnnngh!" she bucked against the wall, threading her way through two pouncing pegasi and barely skirting above the quivering pools of death ooze.  Twirling about, she shouted at what was left of the group.  "Go!  Gallop back to the hold!"

	"B-but—!" Aatxe began.

	"Don't stop for nothing!  Get someplace where you can seal yourselves up!"  Rainbow had to shout over the sounds of shrieking undead.  "And whatever you do—don't let them touch you!"

	Four winged ponies took a running start and leapt wetly into the air.  Three of them soared after Rainbow Dash while a fourth streaked towards the survivors on the other side of the balcony.  Props flinched and Josho reached weakly for his shotgun.

	"Raaaaugh!"  Arcshod stepped in, swinging a piece of rusted airship parts at full force.  He batted the creature away, sending it flailing into the hurricane winds beyond the balcony's edge.  Spitting into the gale, Arcshod turned and shouted to his fellow Xonans.  The group galloped along, although Arcshod trailed slightly behind, keeping eye contact with the last hub.

	"Well, old friend..." Seclorum tugged Josho telekinetically to his hooves while Aatxe supported the stallion's other end.  "That's our cue!"

	"We'll never outrun them at this speed!" Aatxe stammered.

	"I don't think it's our job t