o!" Props said.

	Everypony looked up to see Rainbow Dash flying rapid figure-eights in the air.  By this point, a cluster of six undead pegasi were clinging to her six.  At the sight of the limping group of survivors, two winged ponies broke off, swooping down on them with muzzles dripping with the purple slime.

	Rainbow Dash saw the breakaway group.  Pivoting her wings, she spun a sharp turn to her right, bravely flew through the cluster of pegasi soaring after her, and bucked off the spine of one of the monsters, plowing it wetly to the floor.  The other pegasus noticed her in an instant.  It broke off from pursuing the survivors and chased after Rainbow Dash instead.

	"Careful!"  Seclorum shouted, looking back.  "Touch them in the wrong place and—"

	"Will you just friggin' go?!"  Rainbow panted in the middle of backflipping and twirling towards the far end of the balcony, away from the retreating ponies.  "I'll keep them off your back!  Tell Lasairfion and the rest—I'm gonna distract them!"

	"But... b-but..."  Props fidgeted.

	"You heard the mare!"  Seclorum and Aatxe dragged Josho along.  "Let's go!  Let's go!"

	Props reluctantly joined them, turning away from Rainbow Dash completely.

	Rainbow, in the meantime, was skirting her way clockwise around the structure's balcony.  Squinting, she caught something that made her frown.  The Lounge were already dozens of meters away, running as fast as they could from the scene.

	"Guess those slimy salamanders didn't wait for nothing."  Rainbow looked to her right in mid-glide and gasped.

	Pilate was standing his ground, twirling and flailing with the staff gripped in his muzzle.  All the while, winged ponies closed in on all sides, surrounding him with a solid ring of bubbling purple ooze.

	"Luna Poop!"  Rainbow Dash gnashed her teeth and hung a sharp right.  From the shrieking breaths behind her, she realized the creatures were a lot closer to her tail than she had anticipated.  In quick order, she darted in and around various granite pillars along the balcony, forcing the undead train of mindless cretins to crash and slam into random structures.  "Pilate!  Get a move on!  What in the hay are you doing?!"

	"I c-can't run away, Rainbow Dash!" the zebra exclaimed between panting breaths.  "I have to get this skystone to the city's core!"

	"Dude!  This death ooze?!  I dunno if you can see it, but the inside of Stratopolis is simply pouring with it!"

	"I don't care!"  Pilate frowned, backing up to a wall as a trio of limping undead stalked him.  "I-I have to find a way!  Roarke tasked me with the only means of destroying this city!  For my beloved's sake... for everypony's sake!  I gotta see it through!"

	Rainbow Dash gritted her teeth.  Her ears ached from the horrific, undending shrieks and bass rhythm.  Beyond that, winds howled and thunder roared.  Somewhere, in a place of safety and power, Chrysalis and her brood watched all of this hell unfold, succulently devouring the misery that poured out from the heart of Stratopolis.

	"Nnnngh!"  Pilate smacked a pegasus in the face and uppercutted another with his staff.  He leaned back, his muzzle grimacing under the helm as he sensed the ooze creeping up towards his fetlocks.  "Oh blessed Spark..."  He shuddered.

	Swooosh!  Rainbow Dash plucked Pilate from beneath the balcony.  The two of them spiraled out of the reach of lunging pegasi, then soared into the hurricane winds.  By now, enough slime had poured through the door to spawn a veritable squadron of undead.

	Pilate stammered above the rising salvo of shrieks, "Rainbow!  Please!  We can't retreat!  Not like the others!  We have to—"

	"We're not!"

	Pilate's jaw dropped.  "Huh?!"

	Rainbow struggled to fly them steadily through the whipping winds and outpace the zombified ponies on their tail.  "Tell me more about this crazy plan of Roarke's!"

	"Oh, Rainbow, bless you!"

	"Don't bless me yet," Rainbow grunted into the rainwater.  "You picked one heck of a bad day to see again..."



	"Vaughan!  Vaughan!