"  Razzar's mask rattled as he shouted once more into his communicator in mid-sprint.  "In Quezaat's name, brother, wh-what's happened to you?!"

	The other three naga came to a stop at the jagged end of the balcony facing a scattered swarm of half-demolished temples.  "Razzar, master, what are your orders?"

	"We have enough energy in our packs to bring these manacrystals to the ship!"

	"Vaughan has failed to respond.  The changelings may very well have gotten to him—"  Razzar froze in mid speech.  His gloved knuckles morphed into fists.  "Unless..."

	A series of loud shrieks echoed from above.

	"Master!"  One naga pointed straight up.  "Look!"

	Razzar tilted his mask up into the pouring rain.  In a flash of lightning, he saw Rainbow Dash and Pilate soaring through the maelstrom in a yellow streak.  The source of that yellow color was a particularly large skystone shard.  Razzar inhaled sharply, then exhaled through a hissing voice:  "Make your way to the temple where we last left the ship."

	"What of you, brother?"

	"There is one pegasus yet living in Stratopolis," Razzar said, even as he jumped onto a pillar and scurried up onto the domed roof of the structure.  "I may indeed have to fix that..."

	The other three naga exchanged masked glances.  In tight formation, they faced the ship's edge, leapt, and ignited their manapacks.  The three soared off on yellow beams of energy, threading their way through the storm as they made for the first platform with solid footing.
		//------------------------------//
		// Explosions, Expositions, It's all Gravy		//------------------------------//

	Bellesmith's ears twitched.  She tilted her head up, panting.

	"Do... d-do you hear that?"

	Elma shivered, clinging to her.  The exhausted changeling stammered, "Hear what?"

	"It... it almost sounds like... like..."  Belle's chestnut eyes narrowed.  "...screaming."

	"Mother... I mean..."  Elma winced.  "She sent them away.  The brood..."

	"No, it's not changelings," Belle said.  She stood up and trotted towards the battered hole in the rusted side of the collapsed dirigible.  "It's... almost animalistic.  Primal.  I... I don't understand..."

	"Belle?"  Elma squinted towards where the mare stood, her green eyes squinting.  "What are you doing?"

	"Something's not right here," Belle murmured.  "This place is older than you, me, and just about anything we've stumbled upon."  She turned and looked over at Elma.  "What if it was hidden here for a reason?"  Out from the hole, a decayed pegasus head entered, shrieking loudly.

	"Belle!" Elma shouted, her shell flickering stripes for a blink.

	"Gaaaie!"  Belle fell, scooting backwards from her flank.

	The undead pony rammed and rammed and rammed its battered shoulders into the frame of the hole, struggling and scuffling to get in.  As it spat and snorted, copious streams of purple goo fell to the floor of the airship's hollow chassis.

	Belle grimaced at the pooling ooze, trying not to vomit.  The metal frame of the vessel shook, and the hull cracked in four different places, allowing the zombified creature to squeeze through.

	With a birdlike yelp, the thing pounced on Belle.  Its bone wings spread wide, scraping the edges of the ship's interior and producing sparks.

	Belle rolled aside, panting for breath.  She fumbled her way across the interior on her belly while the pegasus loomed above.  Wincing, she flung a hoof forward and swooped up Eagle Eye's shield.  The mare spun around and swung the thing blindly, successfully smacking the skull of the monster.

	Crack!

	The thing's jaw snapped clean off.  Nevertheless, it icily pivoted its cranium back down at the horn-less unicorn.  A stream of lavender slime trickled out of the gaping hull in its maw.  With a gurgling sound, it lunged at Belle again.

	"Hnnnngh!"  Belle planted the shield flatly against the ends of her lower hooves and reverse somersaulted.

	Clannnng!  She uppercutted the beast, knocking it towards the dilapidated cockpit of the vessel.  There, it crashed a