nd rattled about, drowning in loose junk and danging manaconduits.

	Before the shield could completely rattle to a stop, Belle grabbed it and used its weight to stand.  She watched—breathless—as the wings of beast protruded in and out of its buried struggle.  She heard more shrieks, and she looked straight out the cracked hole in the airship.  Her twitching vision caught sight of various winged figures streaking across the gray clouds.  Then, Bellesmith heard an eerie hiss.  Like steam.  She looked down.

	A puddle of the pegasus' purple drool was spreading right before Belle's eyes.  Bubbles formed, only to produce lids that fluttered open.  Bright eyes rotated around, eventually locking on Belle's figure with one collective stare.  Almost immediately, a low thumping picked up, like a drumbeat summoned out of the void.  Then, with slow and frightening grace, the slime-slick skull of a pony emerged from the paper-thin pocket of ooze.

	Belle hobbled backwards, her eyes glossy with terror.  She nevertheless bit her lip, dashed over to Elma's side, and threw both the changeling and Eagle's shield over her flank.  "We have to go."

	"Go?!" Elma gazed sickly at the floor giving birth to a lurching abomination with featherless wings.  "Go wh-where?!  These... these creatures..."

	"We can't give up!"  Belle panted and stammered, galloping briskly out of the manaship and into the gray rain.  "We must keep moving!"

	"But..."  Elma shivered as she gazed through the thick precipitation at multiple waves of shrieking beasts.  "But th-there are so m-many—"

	"We must!"



	"Pilate, you're good with words!" Rainbow huffed and puffed as she rocketed the two of them through the rain.  "Not to mention super alive.  Both of which are totally awesome!  So... in two sentences or less... do ya think you can explain to me what in the hay Roarke is doing here and why she set you up to be friggin' robo-zebra?!"

	"Beneath us!" Pilate shouted, his helm rattling as he dangled in the pegasus' grasp.  "About five of them!  Try and fly to your right!"

	"Pilate, dudeguy, I think I know what I'm doing—"  Five separate shrieks sounded off from below.  "Crapazoid!" Rainbow's voice cracked as she suddenly jerked left, flinging both of them away from the intercepting pegasi.  "Luna on a unicycle!  You weren't kidding!"

	"Two more!  Up top!  High!"

	Rainbow flung her eyes up, squinting through the rain.  In a flash of lightning, she saw two pairs of skeletonous wings.  Just as drops of purple slime fell towards them, she spiraled about, backflipped, and dove straight down, hurling their combined weight towards the top of the domed structure.

	"All seven of them are still on our tail!" Pilate stammered.  "And there's a group at your nine o'clock!  Coming in fast!"

	"Friggin' flank buckets!"  Rainbow Dash griped and performed the necessary twirl and dodge motions before ultimately flying a wild loop around the broad circumference of the building.  "How do you even see all of this?!"

	"It's the Oracular Array!"

	"The Oracle Aria?!"

	"No!  Oracular Array!  Combination of Searonese and Naga technology!"

	"Naga?!"

	"Lounge!  It was built by the Lounge, okay?!"  Pilate winced, almost slipping from Rainbow's grip on the last turn.  Rainbow tossed him and picked him up again in one motion so she could hold onto him better.  "Nnnnngh... Roarke... sh-she snuck aboard Razzar's ship weeks ago!  She's been passing herself off as one of the Lounge ever since!"

	"No friggin' way..."  Rainbow Dash weaved in and out of the pillars, trying to throw the monsters off her tail.  "What in Celestia's name for?"

	"Presumably to f-find out who the Lounge were..."  Pilate shivered as he held tight to the Lounge staff in his hooves.  "And pr-provide us safe passage through the Wastes!"

	"After all I said and did to her..."  Rainbow Dash's rainsoaked ears drooped.  She heard the shrieks of the pursuers, snapping out of her momentary daze.  Frowning once more, she barreled hard to the side, flew daredevilishly throu