gh a throng of zombie pegasi, then dove deep into the clouds lingering beneath the structure.  For a brief moment, she and the zebra were alone with the mists and thunder.  She nevertheless continued her high-velocity flight.  "So why'd she hook you up with all of that gizmospunk?!"

	"This crystal on my back?!" Pilate shouted above the howling winds.  "It's sk-skystone!  But a very specific kind!  Material you can only find along the north edge of the world—not too far from here!"

	"Yeah?!  Your point?!"

	"More like Roarke's point!" Pilate shouted.  "She tasked me with getting this to the center control room of Stratopolis!"

	"What in the buck for?!"

	"She says that Razzar tortured enough changelings to gather information about this place!  Someway or another, the shapeshifting hoard know about a control room in the very heart of the central structure.  You place a piece of skystone like this on the center dais, and Stratopolis immediately flies toward the corresponding cardinal direction!"

	"And just what will flying this towards the skystone fields accomplish?!"

	"Rainbow Dash..."  Pilate gnashed his teeth against the rain.  "It's not about flying this place.  It's about crashing it!"

	Rainbow Dash blinked, then gulped as she coasted the two of them through the clouds.  "Yeah.  Yeah, okay.  I can get behind that."

	"But our friends—"

	"—will have to find their way off the platforms," Rainbow said with a nod.  "Hopefully Props, Josho, and the others will get their flanks to the Tarkington.  They've got what they need.  As for the Noble Jury—"

	"She's safe!" Pilate exclaimed while errant shrieks picked up in the distance.  "She's still flying through the windy reaches of Stratopolis!"

	"What?!"  Rainbow glanced down at him.  "When?!  How?!"

	"Rainbow, trust me!  I saw it... I-I mean I felt it!"  He winced.  "Sensed it!  Nnngh... it's... an awful lot to take in and then try to explain..."

	"Heh, you and me both, brother."

	The shrieks intensified.  Rainbow Dash glanced back and saw several dark figures bursting out of the upper clouds and soaring after them.

	"Did Roarke friggin' anticipate them?!" Rainbow barked.

	"Yes and no!  I don't think she had any idea they would have come from the heart of Stratopolis or else she wouldn't have tasked me with delivering the skystone!"

	"I dunno.  I mean, this is Roarke who we're talking about."

	"Rainbow Dash, what do we do?!"

	"You're the clever zebra.  You tell me."

	"Rainbow," he growled.

	"Alright.  Fine.  You take your time and think.  I'm gonna... uhm... screw with gravity some more."  Holding her breath, she flapped her wings hard and shot straight up.  Pilate stifled a yelp as he felt his body flinging with her movement.  The two rocketed upward, piercing the dark mists while winds blew at them from randomly switching angles.  All the while, the pegasi pursued, undaunted, fueled by the panic in their prey's flight.
		//------------------------------//
		// A Belle In Smith's Clothing		//------------------------------//

	Bellesmith galloped, breathless, over the rainslick edge of the building's curved balcony.  Looking down, she could see decayed bodies swishing through the sky in the reflective rain puddles.  She slipped once, yelping, scampering to avoid a violent plunge off the edge of the structure.

	Gathering speed once more, she sprinted along, the weight of Elma flouncing on her back.  The changeling whimpered, looking up with fuming eyes.

	"So... s-so hungry..."  Elma stammered.  "I... I-I can taste their misery."  Her green eyes twitched in the wet wind.  "No life... and yet so much suffering..."

	"Don't savor it, Elma!" Belle sputtered in mid-run.

	"No wonder... M-Mother brought her brood here..."

	"You're not going to feast on pain ever again!" Belle exclaimed.  "That's not the way for you to live!  Do you hear me?!  You have to—"

	Gunshots.

	Belle skidded to a stop, splashing water across the nearest row of columns.  She stood still, panting.  She sensed movement up 