ahead, along the curved balcony.  Shouting voices, stomping hooves, and shotgun blasts acted as violent percussion to a symphony of animalistic banshee cries.

	"That's... that's Josho's gun," Belle murmured.  "I'd recognize it anywhere."  She blinked, her jaw dropping.

	Within view, several ponies appeared—all of them galloping Belle's way.  The panicked group constantly turned and glanced behind them, many of the equines holding position as they fired crossbolts into an incoming swarm of winged beasts.  Aside from a fleeting glimpse of an obese stallion and a blonde mare, the group consisted entirely of strangers.  Among the lot, Bellesmith saw tattooed coats, and she gasped.

	"Xonans... and Ledomaritans?"  Belle stepped backwards, shivering.  "How... h-how long have they been here?"  She froze in place.  Glancing aside, she looked worriedly at a scrap of zeppelin wreckage, then back at the group.  She gasped, then clenched her teeth.  "Elma..."

	The changeling stirred on her back.

	"Elma!"

	"Mmmf... Belle...?"

	"You must change!  Take on a form!  Don't let them see you as a changeling!"

	"But... but th-they'll just—"

	"No arguing!" Belle hissed.  "Do it now!"  There was a flash of green light.  Belle looked over her shoulder and did a double-take at the stripes.  "No!  Not my beloved!  They've seen Pilate take a plunge!"

	"But... I-I don't know what else—"

	"Eagle Eye!"  Belle exclaimed.  "Change to Eagle Eye!"

	"H-how?"

	"You know how!  Think about him!  Dwell on your memories of him!  And if you can't, then dwell on my memories of him!"

	Elma blinked.  She shuddered, and soon a rain-slick mat of purple hair drooped around her velverty lavender coat.  "Nnnngh..." she exhaled in Eagle Eye's breath, draped limply around Belle's shoulders.

	Biting her lip, Belle marched bravely forward.

	The group came within range so that their errant shouts took on coherent meaning:

	"We're almost there!  This is where we exited!  It'll take us back to the hold, everypony!"

	"Keep switching!  Reload your crossbows and fire!"

	"Th-there's too many!  And I'm almost out of—"

	"That's fine!  Josho's got us covered with his ammo!  Isn't that right?!"

	"Dammit, Secchy!  Don't distract me when I'm killing!"

	"Hraa'junna faleel sulien thren'nar meen!"

	"I swear!  They've quadrupled since we began running!"

	"Don't stop now!  We're almost—"  Seclorum turned, spotted Belle, and nearly pratfalled onto his face.  "Ledo's stones!"  He fumbled to unjam his crossbow.

	"Please!"  Belle waved two hooves out, panting into the rainy wind.  "Don't shoot!  It's me!  Bellesmith—"

	Clakk-Clak!  Arcshod loomed above her, aiming a crossbow at her skull.  "Grrrrrghh—Fekk'lovlien hraasta ven'mulien threatta, dreit?!"

	Belle flinched away from him, gritting her teeth.  "I'm friends with Rainbow Dash!  You've all met her, haven't you?!"

	"What's holding the friggin' line up?!"  Josho howled from the middle of the group. While the rest of the ponies surged on towards the structure's interior, he glanced over their shoulders and blanched.  "Bellesmith?!"

	"Belle?!"  Props gasped, hopped, and scampered over.  "Belle!  It's you!  Soot saddles on fire!  That's so fancy pants—!"  Seclorum's hoof blocked her, holding her in place.

	"You picked a bad time to try and get the drop on us!"  Seclorum's eyes narrowed.  "But we have no time for this.  Big fella?"

	Arcshod nodded and aimed his crossbow at the mare's skull.

	Props gasped and flung a wrench at the Xonan's horn.  "What the penguins are you doing?!"

	Bonk!  "Aaaaugh!"  Arcshod clutched his skull and hissed.  "Ledomulien trentte!"

	"She's on our side, ya big meanie!"

	"She's one of the shape-shifters!"  Seclorum grumbled.  "Can't you see that?!"

	"Kiiiiiinda dealing with something a little bigger here, Einstallion!" Josho barked in between loud blasts of his shotgun into the attacking swarm.

	"Please!  It's us!  It really is!"  Bellesmith sputtered.  She gestured towards Eagle Eye on her back