.  "Right before the temples started flying into one another, we rushed here to find what happened to Rainbow, Pilate, and the others!  That's when the changelings attacked!  Now Eagle's hurt!  After rescuing me from death, I gotta make sure he gets somewhere safe!"

	"Hey!"  Aatxe shouted from the inner corridor, waving his hoof dramatically.  "Almost everypony's through!  What are you standing around for?!  Move!"

	"We absolutely cannot afford to make any exceptions!" Seclorum shouted.  "Come on, let's go!"

	"Please!  Take us with you!" Belle shrieked.  Breathless, she looked at Props.

	Props blinked.

	"Please..."  Belle gulped.  She then mouthed two words: "For Elma."

	Props brow furrowed.  Her goggled eyes glanced up.  She saw a long scar running across the back of Eagle Eye.  Her jaw fell slightly.

	"Guys..."  Josho started to pant, backing up and reloading his steaming shotgun while more and more pegasi dove towards them.  "It's now or never."

	Suddenly, Props spun, stomping a hoof into the rain-slick puddles.  "If she doesn't come along, then neither do I!"

	Arcshod did a double-take.

	"You're shitting me," Seclorum droned.

	"And if Unky Prowsy doesn't get his niece back, then how can you bet on him lending his sexy blunderbust skills in getting everypony to the Tarkington?!"

	Seclorum grumbled, "If you think for one second that I'm going to lower my defenses for such a stupid, juvenile threat, then you've got—"

	Josho rushed in, telekinetically shoving Props, Bellesmith, and Eagle Eye down the corridor in one magical swoop.  "Welcome to the club!  Now carry Princess Rain-Soaked into safety!"

	"Okie dokietron!"  Props chirped, helping Belle carry the limp stallion.

	"Josho!" Seclorum howled.  "Are you out of your mind?!"

	"Yes!"  Josho blasted his weapon into the hurricane winds as he, Seclorum, and Arcshod backtrotted into the corridor, covering the rear of the group.  "Have been since the battle of Blue Nova!  And I've been loving every minute of it!"

	"You're going to be the end of us!"

	"It's called having friends, Sechhy!  You should try it sometime!"  Josho fired one last shot, turned, and galloped full-force into the tunnel.  "Shoot me later if you don't agree!  For now, run!"

	"Oh, for all that's good and sparkly..." Seclorum rolled his eyes and barked, "Hey!  Bighooves!  You know what to do!"

	Arcshod nodded.  He holstered his crossbow, stepped back, and charged a solid stream of mana into the walls on either side of him.  "Hnnnnghhrghhh... mmnnngh... Nagu'n rath'allam sesukra'kkan melodriel!  Nnnngh!"

	The entrance to the corridor cracked, buckled, and collapsed.  A solid mountain of granite fell down, miraculously blocking the shrieking wave of pegasi at the last second.  They slammed into it, thrashing and clamoring, leaking all over the rubble with blood, pulp, and purple.
		//------------------------------//
		// Something's Easier Zaid Than Done		//------------------------------//

	Eagle Eye's ears twitched.  At the sound of a loud, deep hum, he spun to face the clouds opposite the cyclonic winds.  A large metal body was hurling towards him.  Its red skystone crystal shone brightly through the haze of Stratopolis.

	"Hey!" he sputtered, soaking wet with rainwater.  "Hey!  Guys!" He scampered towards the edge of the platform he was on and hopped up and down, waving.  When that didn't seem to work, he aimed his horn at his sword and fired a basic illumination spell.  The sword lit up, and he waved it left and right through the air like a bright baton.

	And yet, despite Eagle's best efforts, the Noble Jury soared over head and cruised right past him, continuing on its perpetually circular flight.

	"Come onnnnn!"  Eagle Eye whimpered, frowning.  "I'm right here!  Can't you see me?!"  He stood, panting in the wet rain.  "Seriously, since when was Floydien ever that blind... or bored?"

	He heard another sound, this one a great deal higher in pitch... not to mention louder.  A veritable chorus of shrieks pierced the air, growing ne