Cute?!"  Ebon stammered, gripping hard to the back of the pilot's seat.  "They're hideous!  Where in Spark's name did they come from?!"

	"Well, Ebony, when a zombie mare and a vampire pigeon love each other very much—"

	"Zaid!"

	"Look, I have no friggin' clue.  One moment, it was clear gray nightmare.  The next... it was a fluffy gray nightmare with undead winged ponies four croutons!"

	"Why's everything gotta be a food analogy with you?"

	"'Cuz I'm friggin' starving, okay?!  You picked one hell of an afternoon to become an engineer!"

	"Blessed Spark..."  Ebon grimaced at the denser and denser squadrons of the undead.  "You think... you th-think they could have gotten to our friends?"

	"I dunno.  Seems to me they're content to just fly around and enjoy the breeze."  Zaid pointed.  "I mean, look at 'em!  Just like a graceful flock of birds!"

	"Uhhh..."  Ebon shivered as his pupils shrank.  "They're... uh... th-they're flocking this way."

	"Oooh!"  Zaid smirked over his shoulder.  "You too are a fan of Michael Critrot?"

	"Zaid, do something!" Ebon shouted as the creatures drew close enough for the ponies to hear their shrieks.

	"Yeah... uhm..."  Zaid gripped the controllers.  "Say, I have an idea.  Did you like playing Starfilly 64?"

	"Starfilly what—Gaiiiiie!"  Ebon clung to the pilot's seat for dear life.



	The Noble Jury spun around on an invisible axis, thereby drilling its way through the rampaging sea of pegasi.  Necrotic bodies went flying, their purple gooey innards dissolving into the wet, drenching rain.

	The rest of the undead soared after the Noble Jury's hull.  In a desperate move, the vessel dove down low, skirting past the underbellies of several buildings as it made its way to the far end of the floating nightmare city.
		//------------------------------//
		// The Dash of the Dead		//------------------------------//

	"You h-hear that?!" a Ledomaritan stammered as the group of survivors galloped through the dark, twisting corridors that led towards the Hold.  "They're breaking on through!  I just know it!"

	"There's no way they can sense us through the walls!" another survivor exclaimed.  A gulp, and she timidly glanced at the others.  "Is th-there?"

	"Just keep friggin' moving," Seclorum said in a growling tone.  "We have enough bullcrap to deal with."  His glaring expression swam over Bellesmith's face.

	Belle bit her lip, carrying "Eagle Eye" on her shoulders.

	"Don't let 'em get to you," Josho said, regaining enough energy to march in full stride.  "Old Secchy just needs an excuse to be abrasive with somepony."

	"So I can imagine."  Belle gulped and muttered, "Do you believe that I am me, Mr. Josho?"

	"Let's put it this way..."  The stallion shrugged in mid-step.  "Even if you are in fact a snake-in-the-grass shapeshifting metamorph that leeches off of emotion... I'm happier to have you along than Secchy."

	Belle bit her lip.  "Well, uhm... th-that is certainly a good thing to know—"

	"Nnnngh..."  Aatxe collapsed against a wall and slumped to his knees.

	Props gasped.  "Mr. Aatxe!"  She turned around and scampered towards the trembling stallion.  "What's the matter, guy-guy?!  Get up!"

	"I... I-I can't help it..."  He panted, his face awash with sweat.  "So much galloping around... so much pandemonium..."  He gulped, staring ahead with a feverish stare.  "I've gotten so out of shape since my piloting days."

	"Just take deep breaths and walk it off, dude-bro!"  Props shook his shoulders.  "We need to get to the Tarkington, and that makes you the pony of the hour!  Stick with us, buddy!"

	"Easier s-said than done..."  He smiled weakly at Props.  "Even if I made it out of this place, I'm afraid I don't have much energy to go back to living a normal life."  He gulped and patted Props' golden head.  "I'm just glad to meet somepony whom Prowse cares so much for.  He raised his niece very well..."

	"D-don't talk like that!  We're gonna get you out of here!"  Props looked up, wincing.  "Please!  Somepony!  Anypony!  Help 