me out here—"

	The hallways shook with a resounding crash of noise.  Rust-tainted air billowed down the corridor, making every pony's muzzle shudder from the purely rancid scent.

	"Th-they're breaking on through!" a mare stammered.

	"Rehmm vreen threadd siul Nagu'n!"

	"Darn it!"  Seclorum snarled, breaking into a full gallop.  "I knew this was too good to be true!"

	"Everypony!  Pick up the pace!" Josho shouted, levitating his shotgun at the ready.

	"Please!"  Props stammered, tugging and pulling at Aatxe's exhausted form.  "Help us!  They're gonna clobbermunch 'em!"

	"Somepony!" Bellesmith stammered, shivering where she stood.  "We can't just leave—"  A large body galloped past her, nearly knocking her and "Eagle Eye" into the wall.

	Arcshod skidded to a stop, telekinetically encased Aatxe in a levitation spell, and threw him over his shoulders.  "Hmmph... rekkha'three siurna blen'silaat threem..."

	"Easy f-for you to say," Aatxe said through an exhausted grin.

	Arcshod galloped forward on thundering hooves.  Not far behind him, dark shadows coalesced and surged along the walls.  In the penumbra of flouncing manalight, several white eyeballs glittered like stars, multiplying in density along the crest of a rising heartbeat.

	"Run, girl!"  Props squeaked as she shoved Bellesmith along.  The two ponies sprinted away from the sloshing madness while Elma's disguised body clung to Belle's flanks.  "Run run run run runnity run!"

	"H-how can th-they be this fast?!" Belle panted in mid-sprint.  "It's like an animated sea of d-death!"

	"Yeah, well death is gonna get a whole lot deader!"  Josho stood his ground, firing loud shots into the rampaging mess behind the group.  As the walls echoed from his thunderous salvos, he backtrotted briskly, reloading and discharging the shotgun—just as pegasi shapes emerged from the rippling wall of muck.  "You're almost to the Hold!  Keep going!"

	"Blessed Spark, preserve us," Belle stammered, her eyes growing teary.  "Preserve Pilate, my beloved..."

	"Let us through!" Seclorum shouted.  Up ahead, the group had reached the barricade, and the front line of unicorns—both Ledomaritans and Xonans alike—were unravelling the obstruction brick-by-brick with levitation spells.  "We've got manacrystals for the Tarkington—but things went from worse to uber worse!  Now let us in!"

	They were greeted on the other side by a line of ponies with crossbows.  The nervous, shivering sentries stammered, "W-we're not letting you in until we g-get a blood test!"

	"A blood test?" Belle exclaimed.

	"Oh for the love of—"  Seclorum rolled his eyes.  "Look, I'm not a fan of it either, but if you don't let us through now, something a million friggin' times worse than shape-shifters is gonna rip us all a new one—changelings or ponies alike!"

	"S-sorry, sir.  But it's your rules!  Nopony passes through unless—"

	"Rrrrghhh!"  Arcshod thundered through, spitting at the tattooed half of the group.  "Fre'mukkyr hava'klanna vreem siul rasta, resen vekkomulien trenna'dren!  Xon!"

	The Xonan warriors shuffled backwards, ears drooped like shamed canines.  Arcshod marched on through with Aatxe on his back.

	Blinking, Seclorum shuffled along.

	"What exactly did the big lug say?" Josho remarked

	"You don't wanna know, old friend."  Seclorum motioned forward.  "Okay, everypony!  Into the Hold!  Quick, before—"

	"It's too late!" a stallion bellowed.

	The hallway filled with shrieks.

	Seclorum spun around to see the first of many slime-covered pegasi rushing the barricade.  With a leap, he threw himself into the torch-lit chamber beyond, then tugged Bellesmith and Props forward with telekinesis.

	"Form a line!" Seclorum shouted.  "All ponies with a weapon!  By me!"

	On either side of the chamber entrance, unicorns were feverishly attempting to stack up the debris wall to keep the charging undead out.  But at the weak speed at which they were doing so—

	"Th-they're here!"  Props whimpered, covering her goggled face.  "We're go