"She's fine, Pilate."

	"Fine?  Belle, beloved, you just said that—"

	"Kera doesn't need any more favors!" Belle snapped.  A blink, and her ears folded.  "I mean... that..."  She shook her head.  "That's not what..."  A gulp.  "I didn't mean for it to sound like... that..."

	Pilate sighed into the books.  "Then what was it that you meant?"

	There was no answer to that.

	"Some things may be irreversible," Pilate murmured.  "But not irrecoverable.  I think Kera could use some sunlight, Belle.  Even companionship.  That's all."

	"I've not left her side for a single moment."

	"I know."

	Belle squinted at that.  With a cold breath, she spun towards the vertical chamber.  "Knock on the engine room when you're ready to come back up to the infirmary.  Best that Props or another pony be there to help you up the ladder."

	"I'll keep that in mind, Belle," Pilate began, but lingered.

	Belle's hoofsteps became faint as they ascended up the passageway beyond.

	The zebra's nostrils flared.  "...thank you."
		//------------------------------//
		// In a Very Short Time		//------------------------------//

	"If I could just build Nancy's womb from scratch, y'know?"  Props stammered as she sweated beneath a series of gutted manaconduits inside the engine room.  Using her forelimbs, she ratcheted several pipes together and tightened them to the breaking point.  "Nnnngh... I could make handsome's ship sing!  Instead, all I have to work with is clutter and mothballs!"

	"You're doing a great job, Propsy," Ebon Mane said from the sidelines.  "Don't let anypony tell you different."

	"They can tell me whatever they wanna tell me," Props muttered, tossing her blonde mane out from her eyes as she squinted at an intersection of tubes.  "Still isn't going to change the fact that we're all better off remaking the womb instead of trying to salvage what's been doubly, triply, and quadruply done on this!"

	"Yes, well, one mare's womb is another's pit of snakes."  Ebon turned to Eagle Eye, grinning.  "Right?"

	Eagle Eye grimaced.  "Wrong."

	"Erm..."

	"Stick to cooking... for real..."

	Props giggled, then batted her eyelashes from where she lay beneath the pipes.  "Manatuner?"

	Eagle levitated the item in question from the bench to where Props was.  "I'm just glad we were able to shut this off before we left Rainbow Dash in the dust.  You can never know when her dizzy spell kicks in."

	"You can never know anything about her period," Ebon Mane muttered.  "Especially as of late."

	"Yes, well, we all know the weight she's been carrying."

	"Of course we do!"  Ebon exclaimed with a nod.  "All the reason—y'know—for us to revevaluate things... maybe..."  The stallion fidgeted.

	Eagle Eye squinted.  "What are you getting at?"

	"I can't be the only pony who's thinking it."

	"Thinking what, Ebony?" Props squeaked in mid-tinker.

	"That... well..."  Ebon scratched his head and shrugged awkwardly.  "Maybe we should have somepony else take the leadership chair for a while."

	"Heh... like who?"  Eagle Eye smirked.  "Floydien?  Belle?  The first is nonsense and the second is no show.  I'd vote for Pilate, but he's kind of lacking foresight at the moment... or at least just sight."

	"What about Josho?" Props asked.

	"HA!"  Eagle Eye held a hoof over his smirking muzzle.  "Oh please.  That old stallion would run the Noble Jury into the ground."

	"I'd rather worry about the ship than about us," Ebon said.

	"How do you mean?"

	"Do I gotta spell it out for you?"  Ebon glanced at the doors on either side of the long engine compartment and spoke in a lower tone.  "Maybe Rainbow's saved the day for us before, but lately she's developed the coaching talent of an alligator.  She stands around, saying nothing, and if you get too close to her she hisses."

	"I think pegasi are warm blooded..."

	"You could have fooled me!" Ebon exclaimed.  "With the way she's been holing herself up lately!"

	"Just have some faith in her," Eagle said.  "She'll come around."

	"EE, she passed 