nna be slime pony kibble!"

	Josho gritted his teeth, aiming down the corridor as he could now see the whites of the zombie pegasi's glazed eyes.  "Well, here goes nothing—"

	The ragged monsters climbed the walls, kicked off the floor, and leapt off the ceiling with a combined banshee cry—

	Krakowwwwwwwww!"  A solid stream of sun-bright mana billowed down the corridor, burning the first wave of pegasi to a crisp and sending the next two layers of undead flying backwards like a puddle of burnt oatmeal.  The hallway went dark at the end of the discharge.

	Seclorum and Josho glanced aside, muzzles agape.

	Prowse leaned on his good three legs, panting.  Meanwhile, he held his prosthetic forward, its crystalline tips still flickering with electrical energy.  The manaconduits hummed and flickered from the inside out, illuminating his sweaty, stubbled face.

	"And that, lads and lassies, is how you fix a bloody boomstick."

	"Unky Prowsie!"  Props leapt and clung to his upper body with a clingy-clingy hug.  She nuzzled his neck and beamed.  "Heeeeee!  You're the bestiest of the bestiest!"

	"Heh... just capitalizing on your genius, lass."  He nuzzled her in return.  "Glad to have you back."

	"Hey, uh..."  Seclorum wheezed, his eyes briefly sparkling.  "Can I get a nuzzle too?"

	"Fart yourself sideways, ya bloomin' bastard."

	"Heheh... right..."  Seclorum cleared his throat and gestured towards the nearest line of unicorns, snapping them out of their awestruck stupor.  "What are you idiots waiting around for?  Seal it up!  They'll be back any moment!"

	Josho leaned in with a smirk.  "There's still hope for you yet, Secchy."

	"Can it.  We're still gonna die, y'know."

	"Yeah, well, some faster than others."

	"Meh."
		//------------------------------//
		// Pegasus Rock Anthem Featuring Death		//------------------------------//

	"Zaidddddddddd—" Ebon whimpered and hid his face behind a pair of curled forelimbs.

	"There's no gettin' off this Nancy Jane we're on!" Zaid cackled while barreling the vessel through another wave of pegasi.  Yet more splatters of guts and purple goo flew across the ship's windshield.  "H-hey!  Ten points!  Twenty!"

	"Really, Zaid?!  Really?!"

	"What?"  The stallion looked over his shoulder.  "I lost my ability to scream in acute terror over two hours ago."

	"At least watch what you're barreling into while you barrel into it!" Ebon shrieked, pointing straight ahead.

	"Whoah, dayum!"  Zaid jerked up and down at the controls—inadvertently bunny-hopping the skystone craft in mid-air as it bobbed and weaved its way around floating temple shards.  He twirled past a leaning column of rain-slick granite and soared his way under a particularly large, looming temple.  "You gotta admit, they're pretty darn persistent for a bunch of nasty-wasty distant cousins to Rainbow Dash!"

	"We h-have no clue who these creeps are related t-to!"

	"Why not?  They share her same social graces!"  Thud!  "Aaaaaand thirty points, fillies and gentlecolts!"

	"Zaid, you have to get us someplace where they can't see us!" Ebon stammered.  "I dunno what that yucky muck is that's dribbling out of them, but I think it's some kind of acid!"

	"That's what a diet on rotting pigeons will do to ya."

	"Zaid!"

	"Hold up!"  Zaid craned his neck, looking upwards through the windshield.  "What do we have here?!  Who's a pretty pony?"

	"Huh...?"  Ebon did a double-take, then gasped as beams of mana shot down in bright bolts, impacting the pegasi and clipping their wings before they could get within clawing distance of the Noble Jury's hull.  "Where's that coming from?"

	"Up there!"  Zaid pointing towards a temple twirling in the wind alongside the Noble Jury's trajectory.  A lithe figure was galloping along the crest of the temple's edge, aiming his horn into the maelstrom and taking pot shots at the creatures swarming around the vessel.  "Well well well..."  Zaid grinned from ear to ear.  "It's fitting that he'd protect such a beautiful ship."

	Ebon's muzzle quiv