ered.  "EE...?"

	"You're gonna have to whimper your true love's name in a slightly higher volume, there, chief."

	"Eagle Eye!"  Ebon practically climbed over Zaid, waving and flailing his forelimbs like mad.  He gestured desperately against the cockpit windows in hopes that the stallion could see.  "Over here!  We're right here!"

	"Dude, chillax!"  Zaid wheezed and shoved Ebon back so he could re-grip the controls with ease.  "It's obvious he sees us!  He's fending the monsters off for a reason!"

	"Oh jeez!  Th-they'll swarm him too!  And he's out there all alone!  St-stranded!"

	"In another minute, we'll have sped past the floating temple's velocity."

	"Then we g-gotta slow down... or s-something!"  Ebon hyperventilated, jumping and squirming in place.  "Anything to let him hop back on board!  It's obviously a whole lot safer in here!"

	"I don't think I can slow the ship fast enough!  All I can do is steer!"

	"But Zaid—"

	"However..."  Zaid glanced over his shoulder.  "If some loverboy was to get his sailboat flank to engineering—"

	"I'm on it!"  Ebon was already gliding down the stairwell and landing on the bottom deck.  His voice shouted upwards as he scampered towards the heart of the ship.  "Get us in close to the temple!  I'll slow us down so that Eagle Eye can make the jump!"

	"Hey—uh—if I get a good whiff of his sopping wet mane, I swear, it'll totally be by accident!"



	"Alright!"  Josho spun from the collapsed mound of mortar and debris.  "We're sealed off!"

	"But not for long," Seclorum muttered, staring warily at the clogged corridor as loud thumping noises issued from the far side.  "They'll get through eventually.  They made it past Arcshod's barricade at the outer entrance, did they not?"

	"They seem to operate under a one-track mind.  Long story short, we ain't going back out the way we came."  Josho swiveled to face the others.  "Is there another way out of this place?"

	"There is," Prowse said with a nod.  He continued priming his weaponized prosthetic while he squinted at the frazzled, rain-soaked team.  "Why?  Are we going anywhere soon?"

	"These aren't the same as changelings," Josho said.  "Whatever these creatures are, they aren't just happy with you guys staying here."  He turned to glare at everyone.  "Nopony will be safe here for long.  They have powers the likes of which I've never seen."

	"And when they touch you, you become one of them," Seclorum said.

	Several ponies gasped and murmured.

	"Ya can't be bloody serious," Prowse stammered.

	"I've seen it happen to a Xonan and one of the Lounge," Seclorum said.  He turned towards Arcshod and his fellow warriors.  "I'm sorry for what happened back there, big guy.   But if we stayed too far behind, half of us would be on the other side trying to barge in right now."

	Thud!  Another reverberation echoed through the chamber.

	Props squeaked and clung—shivering—to Prowse's side.  The manacrystals on her back rattled.

	Josho glanced at them, then at the others.  "Then there's only one course of action.  We're not safe here forever.  We have to find a way to go mobile."

	"The Tarkington..." Aatxe remarked.

	"Right."

	"But even if my old ship could keep us safe once it's powered up, how in the hay are we going to get there?!"  Aatxe exclaimed.  "It's at least two floating temples away and none of us can fly!"

	"What happened to Rainbow Dash and Pilate?!" Bellesmith remarked.  "Where'd she take my beloved?"

	"Darling, your beloved watch a few notches above resident badass last time I saw him," Josho said.  "Apparently Roarke slipped in among the Lounge and used their tech to give him an elbow up on the situation."

	Belle's jaw dropped.  "What... wh-what kind of an elbow up?!  What's Roarke and Rainbow up to?!"

	"I-I thought they went to distract the creep-jeepies!" Props exclaimed.

	"Well they're not doing a very good job of it," Seclorum grumbled.

	"Bite your tongue, Secchy!"  Josho snapped.  "Rainbow and Pilate are the main reasons we got out o