f that hell hole in the end!"

	"Sevu'vlien lassa threen rekk'har siul ranna'kess," Arcshod stated.

	"Right."  Seclorum gulped.  "The longer we stay here and discuss it, the sooner we all become dead meat."

	"But how will we even get to the Tarkington?!"  Aatxe growled.  "How is that even a viable option?!"

	Josho glanced at Seclorum.  "Queen's Convoy?"

	Seclorum nodded.  "Yes... yes... it might work.  But in this weather?"

	"We've done it in worse."

	"Done what?" Bellesmith asked.

	"It's a seldomly practiced Ledomaritan military maneuver where—to span a gap—multiple unicorns line up and act as mana-buffers, spreading a levitation spell across a wide area."

	"You mean..."  Prowse gawked.  "...you horn blokes form a levitating bridge through sheer willpower?"

	"Depends on how much junk we can find to utilize for it," Seclorum said.  "And if there's enough of it facing the direction of the temple where Aatxe's old ship is."

	"Well, I say it's bloody brilliant!" Prowse nodded.  "Let's do it!"

	"But if we gallop out in the open now—we'll be risking absolutely everything—"

	"Risk is part of the game, laddie!"  Prowse gestured at a stockpile towards the back of the room.  "We have weapons!  We have bludgeons!  Hell, we even have my trusty old mortar shells from my expedition!"

	"There's no telling if the fuses for those work still—"

	"No sense in not tryin'!  Besides, the more explosions on your side, the better!"

	"I'm with Unky Prowsy!" Props said.

	Josho glared.  "You're always with Unky Prowsy."

	"This time I'm with him with fries on the side!"

	"Hey... uhm..."  Bellesmith shuffled nervously with the weight of "Eagle Eye" on her back.  "This is supposed to be a closed-in hiding place, right?"

	Everypony looked at her.

	"Right..."  Seclorum slowly nodded.

	"Then... uhhh..."  Belle squinted.  "Why does it feel so breezy?"

	Props blinked.

	Josho glanced around.  "Did anypony seal up those holes that the temple shards smashed?"

	One Ledomaritan shook her head.  "No... th-they were too big."

	Prowse added, "I kept my boomstick trained on it for if any wayward... changelings... flew in..."

	Everyone was dead silent.

	Josho craned his head... then followed the motion with a limp side-shuffle.  He rounded the corner, once again seeing the large gaping rifts in the bottom of the building where gray wind and wet rain billowed through.

	He stood there for a few seconds, biting his lip.

	Not long after—

	Three shrieking pegasi burst in at once, skittering like crickets across the ceiling and vomiting ooze out their ravenous muzzles.

	"Nagu'n!"

	"Great Spark!"

	"Unky—!"

	"Everypony stand back!"

	Krakowwwww!  Pow!



	"Nnnngh-Guh!"  Ebon sweated hard as he pulled back on a lever.  Steam vented from the bulkheads encasing the Noble Jury's engine room.  "Okay, Zaid!" he wheezed as he felt the ship buckling around him.  "That should decelerate us to something within r-running speed!"

	"Neato keano!  I'm pulling up along the temple now!"

	"Is h-he there?!" Ebon responded to the crackling intercom.  "Does he see us?!"

	"Just chillax and let me assist him with the hurricane-defying leap of death!  Okay?!  Now keep it at this speed!"

	"Hurry up!"  Ebon panted.  "If I h-hold us back for t-too long, we m-might stall!"

	"Almost got him... almost got him..."

	"Come on, EE..."  Ebon heaved and hissed.  "Come on..."



	"Hnnnngh-Gaaagh!"

	Eagle Eye dove forward, rolled out of the way of a diving pegasus, and stabbed his sword straight up into the gut of another one flying through the narrow chamber after him.  The creature split in two, splashing into wet purple puddles against the far side's columns.  The first attacker came around for another swipe, but Eagle Eye was ready, blinding the thing's glazed eyes with a magical attack.  When it flew past him, he gave its wing a deep cut, ripping it from the stalk.

	As the creature spun into the lightning and thunder, Eagle Eye saw an odd sight in the dis