tance.

	The breathless stallion stood up, leaning tiredly on his glistening sword.  His expert eyes squinted, and he gasped.

	The Noble Jury was pulling up along a temple, and a petite lavender shape was bravely leaping off the platform and landing on the ship's top deck just beneath its flickering red skystone.  From afar, the tell-tale flash of an opening cockpit struck Eagle's vision, and then the Noble Jury picked up speed, outflying a rampaging flock of pegasi.

	"No..."  Eagle Eye stammered.  "N-no... that's not me..."  He gnashed his teeth and ran up to the edge, shouting against the thunder.  "That's not me!"  He shivered and yelped, "Don't let him on board, guys!  Don't let—"

	More shrieks echoed behind him.

	"Gnnnghh!"  Eagle hissed into his clenched teeth, swiping blindly overhead.  The pegasi nipped and snapped at his ears, barely missing him by a hair.  Puddles of quivering muck collected thicker and thicker as he hopped over the mess, scampered around a series of columns, and struggled in vain to catch up with the runaway manaship.  "Noooo!  Come back!  Please!  Come b—"

	The undead swarm flew at him from all directions.
		//------------------------------//
		// We Can't Have Nice Things		//------------------------------//

	"Move to the far side!  Don't let them touch you!"

	Josho's frantic cries dissolved against the maelstrom of noise that filled up the hold.  From wall to wall, rabid pegasi stampeded on ragged limbs.  Several of them leapt up and skittered across the ceiling for a better angle on their fleeing targets.  With wretched gurgling sounds, they leapt at random, pouncing on the backs of helpless ponies.  Four equines fell to their charge in an instant.  All the survivors could register was howling and the scraping of hooves against brick—and then the wave had advanced before the rest of their horrific fate could be witnessed.

	Prowse finished priming his gun.  Against Props' protests, the stallion spun about in mid-hobble and discharged his energy weapon at the swarm nipping at their tails.  He blasted the attackers in two, taking a good chunk of the invaded hold along with it.  Gaps in the floor appeared in random patches, filling the claustrophobic air with wind and rain water.  The rest was a goop of purple mess, sloshing ever so dastardly forward.

	Several ponies looked back, hung between shrieks and sobs.  Arcshod, Josho, and several other warriors urged them along while a few Xonans and Ledomaritans dismantled the barricade to their last and only exit.

	"Props!"  Bellesmith shouted from where she hobbled beside Josho.  "Props, you and your Uncle need to m-move!"

	"Unky Prowsy!"  Props tugged and tugged on the stallion as he held his ground.  "Please!  Let's g-get out of here!"

	"Them bloody wankers ain't stoppin' for nothing!"  He spat, priming his prosthetic with a dull bass hum.  "We're all that stands between them and the others!"

	"Unky, until that boomstick of yours reloads, it's useless to us too!"

	"What are you two waiting for?!"  Aatxe and two other ponies scuffled to a stop, panting.  "We have to make it to my ship—"

	A pegasus dove through the hazy air and pounced onto the stallion to Aatxe's side.  Aatxe and his companion stumbled aside, gaping in horror.

	"Gaaaa-aaaauchkkk!"  The stallion flailed beneath the ravenous creature.  Its every bleeding orifice soiled his quivering flesh with gallons of the deathly muck.  As the thing bit and tore at his shoulder, he looked up with what was left of his tear-stained face and reached a melting hoof out.  "Nnngrauhhhhkkk—pleeeease...!"

	Aatxe sat, slumped in frozen horror.

	Seclorum charged up, wide-eyed.  He heard a rattling sound and glanced to the side.  He stood next to Prowse's little hovel in the hold, and the nearest crate of junk held several explosive ordinances.  Seclorum reached in, twisted a knob with his teeth, and tossed the object into the nightmarish scene.  The explosive erupted in flames and shrapnel as soon as it landed.  The monster and its victim were 