oor creaked open.  Sweating, Ebon glanced over.  After a blink, his gaping jaw curved into a bright smile.

	"EE..."

	The unicorn stood at the far end.  His lavender coat shone in the matching light of the Noble Jury's flickering engine core.  His gaze lingered on Ebon Mane, and eventually he smiled back.  "Ebon..."

	Ebon Mane's breaths came in shallow little squeaks.  Fighting the urge to shiver, he released his heavy grip of the lever.  The ship shook as the engines regained their thrust.  "Zaid!  She's all yours!" Ebon sputtered into the intercom, leaning up against it with a pair of twitching hooves.  "Take us out of here!"

	"Aye, cook, my cook!"

	The room rocked slightly from side to side as the ship once again picked up speed.  Ebon twirled with a suppressed squeal.  "Omigoodness!  I'm sooooo glad to see..."  He blinked at nothingness.  "...you?"

	"Everything is operating efficiently?"  Eagle Eye had crossed the length of the room.

	Ebon swiveled to face him, blinking.  "Uhm... y-yes!  I mean... it wasn't easy to keep this thing running."  He trotted over with a nervous smile.  "Ever since Mr. Floydien went k-kerplunk, Zaid and I have been chomping at the bit to keep from crashing the ship into a temple or some other floating structure.  Neither of us exactly know how to slow the ship down or even land it... but so far... uh... so g-good?"

	"You've done magnificently," Eagle Eye said, staring at the floating tome inside its cage.  "Bless the Spark for having stallions like you around."

	Ebon smiled.  He leaned in and nuzzled Eagle's damp mane.  "That's not all I'm thankful to the Spark for."

	Eagle Eye turned towards Ebon.

	Ebon smiled, biting his lip.

	Eagle Eye brought a hoof up, caressed Ebon's forelimb... and gently brushed the stallion aside.  "How about the engine core?" he asked while trotting across the room.

	Ebon stumbled, blinking loosely into the bulkheads.  "Uhhhh..."  He snapped out of it and glanced over his shoulder.  "Huh?"

	"Is it damaged in any way?" Eagle Eye asked, studying the wires connecting the core to the wall consoles.

	"Uhmmmm..."  Ebon teetered back and forth on his hooves.  After a few more blinks, he cleared his throat and said "No... I-I mean... I don't th-think so.  Everything's operating smoothely."

	"That must mean that Rainbow Dash is still alive."

	"H-huh?"

	"Rainbow Dash and the book have a connection..."  Eagle Eye murmured.  Silence.  He turned and brandished a dashing smile.  "Don't they?"

	Ebon slowly, slowly nodded. "Yes... I figured as much..."

	"So, if the book is in one piece, then that must mean Rainbow Dash is still alive somewhere in this city."  Eagle Eye trotted up to the core again.  "This is a good thing, don't you think?"

	"Well... uhm... of c-course, Eagle Eye.  But you're alive as well!  I mean... we're so lucky..." Ebon's voice trailed off.

	"Where do you suppose she may be at this moment?" Eagle Eye asked, squinting into the lavender light.  "You think this thing is capable of indicating that?"

	Ebon bit his lip, starting to tremble.



	Eagle Eye slid, scampered, and rolled across the rain-slick temple platform.

	No less than three pegasi scraped against the floor beside him, barely missing him in their deadly swoop.

	At his lung's breaking point, Eagle Eye jumped up, slid backwards, and levitated his sword in a twirling slash.  He lopped off the front limbs of one undead and lacerated the face of another.  A third pounced on him, but the ex-mercenary rolled backwards and used the creature's momentum to fling him out into the twirling winds.

	Kipping back up to his hooves, Eagle Eye stumbled forward and leaned—panting—against a column.  His dazed eyes squinted through the maelstrom.

	A familiar red streak was surging back towards him on its clockwise rotation.  Within a minute, the Noble Jury would be once more in leaping distance.  However, at its maddening speed and even crazier distance—

	Shrieks lit up behind Eagle Eye.

	He looked over his shoulder, then rais