ed his sword at the last second.

	A snarling pegasus slammed into him, its mouth snapping at his muzzle.  Eagle Eye blocked its teeth with his sword—but took the brunt of the impact.  His body plunged over the side, plummeted, and fell onto a craggy cliff of broken granite below.

	"Ooomf!"  Eagle Eye winced, pain wracking through his body.

	Three sets of legs landed on either side of him.  His ears heard the thumping of a demonic heartbeat through the rain, and he saw dribbling curtains of purple leaking over the granite in his peripheral.

	Gritting his teeth, Eagle spun three hundred and sixty degrees on the wet surface, slashing the sword out in every direction.  A dozen legs were reduced to ribbons in a blink.  The howling undead collapsed all around him, forming a ring of bubbling purple.

	Eagle Eye hopped over the acidic ooze, standing precariously now on the edge of the platform. Hurricane winds pelted his face with needle-sharp drops of rain.  He teetered, wheezing, his eyes thinly gazing at the Noble Jury.

	The craft was streaking below at this point.  Within seconds, his last window would be missed.

	Eagle gritted his teeth.  He heard more banshee cries and looked up.

	A solid line of undead soared his way.  Eagle could see the whites of the eyes marinating in their gashed flesh.

	Taking several deep breaths, Eagle frowned.  As the air lit up with thunder, her twirled the sword until it was directly in front of him...

	And he leapt suicidally into the deathly flock, his body one with the storm.



	"See?  It pulses brighter and dimmer."  A lavender hoof pointed at the glowing tome across the engine room.  "Could it be resonance from proximity to Rainbow Dash?"

	"I... never thought that hard about it, EE," Ebon Mane said.

	"If it's true, then we could use it to find Rainbow Dash."

	"Uh huh..."  Ebon Mane clenched his teeth.  He looked left.  He looked right.  A large wrench hung off the edge of Props' workbench.

	"Wouldn't that be a good thing?" Eagle Eye asked, his nose nearly brushing with the dark cage housing the tome.  "Having Rainbow Dash here would solve so many problems."

	"Yes... perhaps..."  Ebon silently, stealthily picked up the wrench.  Holding it in the crook of one hoof, he shuffled ever so gradually towards Eagle's flank on his other three.  "Like what kind of problems?"

	"Well, certainly we need to save the others," Eagle Eye said.  "But we'd have to save ourselves first."

	"Save ourselves..."  Ebon held his breath and loomed directly behind the stallion, holding the wrench up high.  "...from what, EE?"

	"This is a very dangerous place, Ebon.  Only Rainbow Dash is the key."

	Ebon said nothing.  Already wincing, he nevertheless flung the wrench towards the back of Eagle's skull—

	Th-Thwwpp!  Eagle's violet-streaked tail morphed into a black tentacle that spun three time around Ebon's neck.

	"Snkkkkkktttt!"  Ebon wheezed.

	Eagle's head spun one hundred and eighty degrees, glaring at the stallion.  Half a second later, his eyes flickered green... and he smiled.

	Thwoooosh!  WHAM!  The tentacle slammed Ebon into one wall—Crasssh!—then straight through Props workbench, scattering tools and metal nick-nacks everywhere.  Ebon collapsed hard on the floor sputtering and wheezing.

	Eagle Eye twirled his tail back to normal, spun, and morphed his right forelimb into a crab's pincher.  The black claw reached up and yanked a manacable loose from the circular frame of the caged engine core.  Sparks spat out its ends as the changeling took one massive stride to the wall, grunted, and shoved the electrocuting mess deep into the intercom system.  The lights of the Noble Jury flickered instantly.



	Up in the cockpit, Zaid blinked.  His instruments were going haywire.

	"Whoah whoah whoah whoah!"  He released his grip of the controls, flinching away from the splashing sparks.  "What the fart?!"

	A bright light strobed to his left.

	Stupidly, the stallion glanced towards it.

	The intercom system flickered, sparkled, 