then outright exploded.  Bands of burning mana shot out from the overloaded soundstones and leapt into the pilot's nervous system.

	"Gaaaaaaahhckkkt!"  Zaid shook, quivered, and slumped to a limp, smoking heap beneath the pilot's seat.  His eyes rolled back as he lay still against the bulkheads.



	Its skystone engine flickering, the Noble Jury teetered to its port.  It veered awkwardly through the mess and into the looming path of wayward floating platforms.  The ship was soon lost in the wind and rain as it barreled along its suicide path.
		//------------------------------//
		// The Mare Tricks, Rebel Lotion		//------------------------------//

	With a glicker of greenflame, "Eagle Eye" smirked at himself.  He swiveled around from the Noble Jury's damaged intercom and approached the far end of the engine room—

	Clanggg!  A dislocated steam pipe slammed across his skull.

	With a hiss, the changeling jolted backwards, breaking face with a wincing expression.  It turned back into Eagle Eye long enough to glare across the cabin.

	Gripping the pipe in his teeth, Ebon Mane paced himself from the shape-shifter, flicked his tail, and came in for another strike.  "Gnnnnghhh!"

	Eagle Eye easily side-stepped him, ducked a second strike, swiveled about, and bucked Ebon Mane in the fetlocks.

	"Ooomf!"  Ebon pratfalled, collapsing against the teetering floor of the runaway vessel's interior.  He struggled back to his hooves—only to have the weight of the changeling slamming down against his spine.  "Guhh!"  He quivered as his grinning nemesis clutched his chin and scalp in separate hooves, pressing inward from both angles and threatening to crush his skull.  Wincing, Ebon squinted forward.  His hoof danced around until it grasped the dangling electrical manacable that had been detached from the ship's engine core.  With a grunt, he jabbed the cable up and into the changeling's fake horn.

	"Gaaa-aaa-aaa!"  The shapeshifter rolled off of Ebon.

	The stallion scampered up to his hooves and ran forward.  He crossed the distance of the engine room and yanked a metal tool off the nearby bench.  When he spun around to face his foe—a tentacle had wrapped around his waist.

	Snarling, the half-mutated changeling pulled back, flinging Ebon along the full length of his morphing appendage.  The stallion slammed into the wall, another wall, and was finally sent—crashing—through Props' workbench.  Ebon rolled limply to the floor, whimpering in pain.

	With thudding footsteps, the changeling trotted icily towards Ebon's twitching figure.  He retracted his tentacle, morphing it slowly back into a hoof.  "You've given me quite the workout.  I would gladly feed..."  His hoof spread into five sets of digits as it became a reptilian hand in the changeling's possession.  "...if only you weren't such a blank slate."  Then, with a snarl, he formed all five fingers into a fist and slammed it straight into Ebon's muzzle.



	High above the Noble Jury's plummeting plight, a flock of undead pegasi flew in circles.  There was no rhyme or reason to their aerial patterns.  This may have had something to do with the fact that one of their numbers was being ridden like a bucking bronco.

	"Grrrr-rrrr!"  Eagle Eye hissed into the pelting rain.  He straddled one of the larger pegasi, stabbing his sword straight down through the creature's skull.  Telekinetically twisting the hilt of his blade left and right, he awkwardly steered the creature, struggling for dominance of its flight pattern.

	Beneath him, the monster hissed and spat purple vomit at every turn.  Its labored wings deteriorated under Eagle's weight.  Its already mangled body was dissolving, shred by shred, losing its pulpy muscles in the merciless rain.

	"Come on... c-come onnnn..." Eagle gnashed at his teeth, feeling the pull of gravity nip and bite at his senses with every thrashing move that the monster made.  He heard shrieks rising around him in intensity, and he ducked his skull with folded ears to avoid the passing pegasi from biting chunks o