f skin off his head.

	Down below, the Noble Jury loomed within view.  Through the rain and lightning, Eagle Eye nervously spotted a gigantic temple hovering in front of it at a distance—a distance that was swiftly closing.

	Eagle Eye bit his lip.  Around that time, he felt a dip in the monster's flight.  His sword's hilt grew looser and looser.  "H-huh?!"  He glanced down.

	Purple goop was crawling up the blade, just inches from Eagle Eye's body.  The zombie pegasus was literally melting from the inside out, and twirling white eyeballs peaked out of every lacerated orifice in the beast.

	Eagle Eye took a deep breath.  He ducked the swooping attack of another pegasus, then stood up on the creature's back with wobbly legs.  With an inward shout, he ripped his sword out from the monster's head and tossed the infected weapon skyward.  It skewered the bodies of two more pegasi, breaking off their attack.

	While they were distracted, the ex-mercenary swan-dove off the spine of his liquified mount.  He straightened his body into a lavender arrowhead, plunging towards the ship far below.  As its rain-slick bulkheads grew close enough for Eagle Eye to spot every rivet of detail, he concentrated hard and encased his entire body in a magical field.  The wind wipped against his face, forcing him to blink.  When he next opened his eyes, he could only see moisture.  So, in a desperate shout, he flung himself forward with the force of a telekinetic booth, and stretched both forelimbs out...



	The door to the Noble Jury's engine room hung open.

	One shuffling hoofstep after another, the changeling crept through the navigation room and approached the observation room at the ship's bow.  Despite the rattle of the bulkheads and the shrill whistle of the hurricane winds outside, he kept his pace slow, methodical, and calm.  He glanced down at Floydien's meaty body, smirking at the bruises lining the elk's skull.  As he stepped gingerly over the creature's limbs, he approached a little bundle of a figure lying on the hammoc in front of him.

	Kera lay in a fetal position, her glazed eyes reflecting the figure as he drew close... and closer.

	"Hmmmmm..."  The changeling squinted at her.  Slowly, his smile returned.  "Yes..."  He grinned harder.  "Oh yes..."  As he came closer to the filly, his hair grew in length, turning gray around a pale coat.  "You have so much misery to give..."  One of his eyes scarred over while a cold voice murmured through the Prime Enforcer's throat.  "...so very delicious."

	Kera's breaths grew shallower and shallower through her nostrils.  A slight tremble ran through her figure, and a tear rolled down her tattooed cheek.

	The changeling's one good eye flickered green.  Fangs glistened from under his lips as he reared his muzzle over the filly's throat—

	WHAM!  A pair of legs slammed across his skull.

	"Ooomf!"  The changeling slammed into the wall, morphing into an equine insectoid.  Snarling, it glared angrily across the observation room.

	Zaid finished sliding down the ladder of the vertical crawlspace.  "Httt!"  He landed across from the changeling, his mane sticking out at every angle with electrical sparks fizzling at their ends.  "Did I ask for this 'fro, bra?!  Did I?!"

	"Hsssssssss..."  The changeling cracked the joints in its neck and hissed, "When I'm done feeding off of her, I'll shove her useless flesh down your throat—"  A horseshoe ricocheted off its skull.  "Aaugh!"

	"Buck you, pal!"  Zaid snarled, yanking another horseshoe off and tossing it.  "Buck you and the horse you rode in on!  So, in other words, buck you squared!"

	The changeling dodged the second shoe and charged viciously across the chamber.  "You were doomed before you even came into this city—OOF!"

	The shape-shifter's words came to a stop, for Zaid had unabashedly speared him with his diving body.  The stallion plunged the two of them across the cabin so that they rolled over the floor and ended up with Zaid on top.  The stallion brought both forelimbs together to smash t