he changeling's face in.  The shape-shifter swiftly turned into Josho and head-butted Zaid savagely.  Zaid stumbled back, sputtering, and the creature pounced on him in the form of Rainbow Dash.

	Kera's body swung in the hammock from the ship's perilous flight.  Her unblinking eyes reflected the two equines locked in combat.  One shape repeatedly punched the other while its opponently finally returned with an uppercut and a slam to its gut.

	"Gnnkkt!"  The changeling spun, slamming chest-first into the wall of the observation room.  Before it could peel itself away, Zaid pressed into its backside.  The stallion gripped the insectoid's skull and slammed it repeatedly into the bulkheads.  "Do not!"  WHAM!  "Threaten!"  WHUD!  "The filly!"  SMACK!  "It's totally!"  THWACK!  "Not!"  THUD!  "Sexy!"

	In a flash of green flame, the changeling rematerialized with its head on backwards.  With a hiss, it lunged forward and bit its fangs into one of Zaid's forelimbs.

	"Aaaaaugh!"  Zaid wailed in pain, repeatedly bopping the thing's skull in desperation to dislodge it.  "D-dude!  Not on a first date—"

	In the meantime, the changeling's tail morphed into the bottom half of a snake.  The reptilian limb coiled around Zaid's rear legs and lifted him off the floor.  After tossing the stallion towards the ceiling, the creature leapt up, morphed into Arcshod, and bucked Zaid's body in midair.

	"Ow ow ow ow ow—"  Smack!  Zaid winced as his muzzle mushed up against the doorframe to the crawlspace.  "...owwwwwwwwww."  His front hooves dangled against a fire extinguisher.

	Grumbling, Arcshod morphed into Seclorum and marched forward—Clangggggg!—and right into a swinging fire extinguisher.

	Panting, Zaid trotted forward, swinging the bludgeon about in the crook of his hoof.  "Jee, is it cold and lifeless around here?"  Smack!  Thud!  Whack!  "Or is it just you?!"

	After the last impact, the changeling spun around and turned the end of its tail into a razor-edged blade.  It sliced the fire extinguisher down the center, spilling flame retardant goop all over the floor.

	Zaid stood in place, blinking dazedly at the two halves of the extinguisher in his grip.  "Dude... not cool."  WHAM!  A hoof at the end of a tentacle savagely uppercutted him.

	Wasting no time, the changeling wrapped the appendage around Zaid's throat and slammed him multiple times into opposite walls.  At last, he dropped him to the observation room floor and loomed above the groaning stallion.  The creature morphed its two forelimbs into barbed insectoid stingers and aimed them at the nape of his neck.

	Zaid gulped.  "What I wouldn't have g-given to get laid once m-more..."  He sputtered.  "...with cheese."

	"Mother spare me," the changeling snarled, spitting green blood and saliva.  "The Austraeoh wasted all of her time on a ship of fools.  And to think that this task almost offered me a challenge—"

	Flasssssh!

	A fountain of electrical energy soared into the creature's gut.  Zaid gasped as the changeling flew off him and slammed into the bubble windows at the very front of the room.  Wincing all over in manafire, the changeling looked across the cabin.

	Floydien was sitting up, awake, and very pissed off.  His antlers crackled as they summoned an even brighter charge this time.  "Get off my Nancy," the elk slurred.  Zaaaaaap!

	The changeling let loose one scream before its melting body was shoved like grinded meat through the shattered glass.  Dissolving in a green spray, its limbs flew off into separate directions, carried off by the shredding gales of Stratopolis.  The cabin instantly flooded with wind and rainwater.

	The first thing Zaid did was grab Kera's body and shelter her with his figure.  He hobbled over and crouched beside Floydien with his back to the pelting maelstrom.

	"H-hey there, big guy!  Bodacious wake-up ultra!  My aching flesh would have liked it if you did it a minute or two earlier, but—"

	"For the love of hush hush..." Floydien groaned, rubbing his bruised scalp with a cloven hoof. 