up an opportunity to talk to her Moon Princess last night!"

	"She did?" Props blinked.

	Eagle sighed.  "Ebon, let's not bring that up..."

	"Why not?!"  Ebon shrugged.  "We can't just bury the issue, can we?  Then we'd be adding to... y'know..."

	"To what?"

	"The misery that seems rampant as of late."  Ebon frowned.  "I know what they say about 'misery loving company,' but that isn't what I signed up for!  The pegasus who smuggled us out of Blue Nova believed in something, and at this rate it's gonna take more than time and circumstance to jump start her back into action!"

	"Ebon, I'm all for sunny skies and rainbows, but I really don't think now's a good time to challenge the status quo."

	"But—"

	"We're hovering high over the Frozen Sea.  It's already been a week and we still haven't reached the Strip of Flurries.  Rainbow Dash may not exactly be her usual, cheery self, but she's no less dedicated to this crew and everypony's safety."  Eagle smiled as she said, "Let her do what works for her.  The problem isn't in the leadership, but just the overall mood on board the Jury.  That, the rest of us can work on.  We don't need a charismatic head hauncho to be charismatic, y'think?  I mean, listen to us!  We're striking a good chord, just the three of us, aren't we?"

	"Yeah!"  Props grinned.  "And I don't even know how to play guitar!"

	After sighing, Ebon smiled tiredly in the mare's direction.  "Maybe we could vote you in charge of the Jury for a while, Propsy.  Your smile's bright enough to melt a path through the Flurries."

	"You think?"  Props blinked her blue eyes.  "You want that I should put a veil over it or something?"

	"Errr..."

	"Hey, uhm..."  Eagle's ears flicked.  "Is there a steam leak?"

	Props turned towards him.  "Huh?"  She peered through the mess of pipes.  "Shouldn't be.  I went over the pipes with a fine toothed comb just yesterday."

	"I swear, I hear... like... a hissing sound."

	"You know, I hear it too," Ebon said, nodding.  "It's more of a crackle than a hiss."

	"Where's it coming from?" Props asked while tightening another pipe.

	"From across the room, I think.  Almost as if it's coming from the bench."

	Thud!  Props head struck the pipes, sending a resonating clannnnng throughout the engine compartment.  "Owie zowie!"  She slid out, breathless.  "The communicator!"

	"Huh?!"

	"It's picked up something!  Somepony be a gentlecolt and help me up!"

	Ebon and Eagle Eye bumped into each other to reach Props.  Wincing, Eagle resorted to giving the mare a boost with his telekinesis.

	She sprang across the room and threw her hooves deep into a mess of wires and electrical dials.  "Oh please... oh please..."  She bit her lip and sweated as she adjusted the frequency, causing the fragmented spurts of white noise to come in slightly better clarity.  "Come on..."

	"Seems like a crazy mess there, Propsy," Ebon asked.

	"Yeah, you need any help?" Eagle added.

	"Shhhh!" Props frowned.  "You stallions just stand there, being cute and quiet!  But mostly quiet!"

	In a jerking motion, Ebon and Eagle pressed themselves against the wall like wooden soldiers.



	Bellesmith climbed her way up to the middle deck of the ship.  She paused, gazing down the crawlspace to where she had just finished chatting with Pilate.  After a sigh, she turned and resumed her lonesome lurch back to her room.

	She froze in place.

	The door to her quarters hung fully ajar.

	Turning pale, Belle galloped in a yellow blur towards the room. She flung her head through the doorway.

	"Kera...?!"

	The filly was gone.

	"Kera?!"

	Her yelping voice echoed across blank bulkheads and empty bedspace.

	Panting, hyperventilating, the mare looked all around.  She dashed from room to room, unabashedly flinging the doors open and gazing inside.  "Kera?!"  At one point, she startled a groggy Josho awake, but moved right along with a frown when there was no filly to be seen.  "Kera?!  Where'd you run off to?!  Please, for the love of the Spark, answer m-me