 "Does the boomer ever shut up?"

	"You have no idea how glad I am to hear your deliciously wonky voice, duuuude!"  Zaid shouted above the howling winds.  "Still, did you have to get medieval on your own windows?  It's not exactly Mareami Beach outside the Jury, y'know—"

	"Nancy Jane..."  Floydien's red eyes twitched as he gawked at the smashed front window behind Zaid.  "...where is Floydien's beloved headed to...?"

	"Huh?"  Zaid held Kera tight as he glanced over his shoulder.  His pupils shrank.  "Oh pineapple tits!"

	An enormous temple loomed just within view.  The entire ship was ten seconds away from smashing into a rusted pulp.

	"Get Floydien's flank to the cockpit!"  The elk stammered, struggling to get up on wobbly legs.

	"I'm... tr-trying...!"  Zaid grunted, shoving his shoulder hard into Floydien's enormous side. "But Floydien's flank is so darn flankity!"

	"Floydien... can... h-hardly trot balance-side-up..."  The elk slumped helplessly against the doorframe to the crawlspace.  "Nancy, forgive Floydien... so much dizzy dizz...."

	"Come on, ya big lug!"  Zaid resorted to kicking the elk repeatedly in the rear.  "Just jump or something!  You can make it up there..."  His voice cracked as he felt the whole ship tilting upwards.  "...make it?"

	Floydien gasped, gazing awkwardly towards the bow.

	Through the shattered windows, the temple could be seen swaying out of view.  The clouds shifted, and the heart of Stratopolis evened out.  The vessel had lifted to a higher elevation on its own.

	"Floydien didn't..."  The elk murmured.  "...then what boomer did?"

	Zaid blinked, then blinked again.  With a gasp, he lay Kera down in the doorframe to the navigation room and scurried swiftly up the ladder.



	Up in the cockpit, the door to the Noble Jury's top deck had been forced open halfway.  Rainwater seeped over Zaid's body as he ascended from below.  He gazed in shock at a sopping-wet figure seated at the controls.

	"Don't ask," Eagle Eye sputtered, evening the vessel out so that it spun clockwise once more around the heart of the floating city.  "You wouldn't b-believe me even if I told you."

	"Lavender Unicorn!"  Zaid lunged forward, hugging Eagle Eye from behind and nuzzling the back of his soaked mane.  "Heeeee!  You totally pulled a Han Soloats!"

	Eagle Eye shivered and said, "The name's Eagle Eye, y'know."

	"Don't ruin the moment."  Zaid smirked.  "Egads, look at you!  It's like you just got an invite to a wet saddle contest and your mane was caught unprepared."  Suddenly, Zaid blinked, then leaned back with a suspicious squint.  "Wait.  How do I know it's you?"

	Eagle Eye sniffled.  He glanced back with sparkling eyes, biting his lip.  "My... mane isn't t-too ruined, is it?"

	Zaid stood perfectly still.  At last:  "Yeah, okay.  'You' enough."

	"Please tell me the others are alright!" Eagle Eye exclaimed.

	"Thanks to you, a bunch of us are."

	"Define 'a bunch of us.'"

	"Kera's in one piece.  Floydien recovered just in time to paint the skies with shape-shifter intestines.  I'm still all around best background pony—"

	"Ebon..."  Eagle Eye gasped, his eyes growing wider.  "Where's Ebon?  Is he...?"

	Zaid blinked, then smiled.  He tugged at Eagle's forelimbs and switched places with him.  "Let me be the autopilot pony once again until Floydien's ready.  You go down into the engine room and check on yours turly, Romeoats."

	"Okay..."  Eagle Eye panted, shimmying swiftly down the crawlspace.  "Okay okay okay..."  He galloped straight past Floydien and Kera, practically throwing himself into the engine room beyond.  All was silent for the space of a minute, and then the door to the room closed slowly, shutting the two inside.
		//------------------------------//
		// Royal to the Bloody End		//------------------------------//

	"We're not even remotely safe yet!" Seclorum shouted as he urged the stampeding group of survivors along.  The frenzied ponies galloped their way down the twisting granite corridors of the building, making their w