e trick!  Just hoof us over a grenade or two, big buddy, and we'll—"

	Two enormous forelimbs gripped Seclorum and Josho.  Arcshod's scowling face leaned in.

	The massive stallion hissed:  "The asses.  It moves them.  Yes?"

	Josho and Seclorum only had to exchange glances once.  "Dr-dreit."  Kicking up dust, they galloped briskly after Bellesmith.

	Lasairfion watched carefully amidst her mana-discharge.  Once the ponies had galloped by—including Arcshod—she let loose a glorious shout.  Her tattoos pulsed from flank to spine, and she fired her last reserve of energy into the corridor ceiling.  A chunk of granite fell just in time to block the secondary charge of the purple oozing pegasi.  The undead dealt with the latest blockade while the Xonan Princess turned tail and ran to join her royal subjects.
		//------------------------------//
		// A Piece of the Sun		//------------------------------//

	"Rainbow Dash, at the risk of sounding like a stick in the mud, have you—perhaps—outflown your welcome?"

	Rainbow Dash grunted, twirling through the clouds above the large structure.  "A little busy here, Pilate..."

	"We've 'distracting' this flock for an eternity!" the zebra sputtered from where he dangled in her grasp.  "Surely they can't still be chasing us!"

	"Uhhhhhh..."  Rainbow Dash glanced over her shoulder.  No less than four dozen winged freaks emerged from the foggy depths behind her.  "Hate to break it to ya, zebra dude, but they're angrier than ever."  She gulped as she glided forward.  "And don't call me 'Shirley.'"

	"Rainbow, we can't do this endlessly!" Pilate spoke over the rattle of the skystone shard in his satchel.  "At some point, we have to make for the core of the structure!  Only there can we hope to eliminate the evil of Stratopolis once and for all!"

	"Pilate, you were never in the heart of this building!" Rainbow grunted as she swung hard to the left and blurred around the structure in a sharp turn.  "It's filled to the brim with that goey purple death stuff!  There's no friggin' way we can make our way inside!"

	"Well, we've got to find a way!  Or else everypony we know and love is dead in this place!"

	"What in the h-hay?!" Rainbow Dash sputtered, glancing straight down.

	"I mean it, Rainbow!  It's not like we have the resources to escape on our own!  Not even Roarke!"

	"No, I mean—what in the buck's going on down there?!" Ranbow Dash exclaimed, staring at the first of several survivors popping out onto the balcony of the structure.  "Why'd they come out from hiding?"

	"Rainbow, even with this helm, I can't possibly see that far.  Who are you talking about?"

	"The survivors!  Josho, Props, and the others!  Even Lasairfion!"

	"Perhaps the evil has spread further than we anticipated?"

	"Or maybe..."  Rainbow Dash gulped in mid twirl.  She pulled up and flew skyward from the shrieking pursuers.  "M-maybe they're going after the Tarkington."

	"The Tarkington?"

	"It's Aatxe's stranded ship.  We accessed the core of the building to get manacrystals that would power the thing up.  I'm guessing that the ponies are desperate to jump-start the thing and escape the infestation, but with the temples spread apart and crud, I dunno how—"

	Pilate suddenly gasped.  "Rainbow!  Look out!  Three o'clock sharp!"

	Rainbow Dash looked slightly to her right.  Three pegasi soared in from nowhere, barreling straight towards her.

	With a grunt, Rainbow backflipped to avoid their attack.  The first two streaked past her.  The third, however—

	WHUD!  The undead pony tackled Pilate, yanking him from Rainbow's grip and carrying him—gasping—down into the thunderous maelstrom of Stratopolis.

	"Pilate!"  Rainbow Dash shrieked, hovering in place.

	A pegasus tackled her from behind.  She snarled, bucked it away, and propelled herself off the thing's chest.  Soaring straight down, Rainbow Dash fearlessly threaded her way through the mess of pegasi just as they caught up with her.  She spun and spiraled, yelling for good measure.  Wingbones sn