apped and strips of flesh melted all around her.  The mare barely managed to squeeze her way safely past the splashes of acidic goo.  Once she emerged on the other side, she caught sight of Pilate once again—dangling in one monster's grasp.  The creature was leaning its muzzle in to bite onto his neck; the zebra defended himself by blocking the attack with his glowing staff, but he was starting to slip from the freak's grasp.

	"Hang on, Pilate!  I'm a'comin'!"  Rainbow Dash angled her wings, dove like a missile, and practically bowled herself in between the zebra and the zombie.  There was a splash of purple goop in the air.  Rainbow swiped Pilate up and hooked a single wing out, throwing the two of them into a sharp corkscrew and narrowly missing the splash of slime.

	However, this slowed them down, making them prime targets for the creatures soaring down from above.  Two separate monsters caught up with Rainbow, spearing her and accelerating her suicidal descent.  Rainbow struggled and fought them back, but the four of them still became a tangled mess.  Out the corner of her eye, Rainbow spotted the domed ceiling of the structure emerging through the storm.

	"Rainbow!" the zebra gasped, his helm flickering from the inside out.

	"Brace y-yourself!"

	Crasssh!

	Rainbow and Pilate sailed through the middle-most panel of the stained glass ceiling.  They plummeted among a sea of rainbow colored shards.  Somehow, in the last few dozen feet afforded her, Rainbow succeeded in flipping herself and her foes around.  They impacted the floor of the room with the zombies striking the granite first.  Rainbow and Pilate went tumbling in separate directions, rolling over broken staves and black crystals.

	Above, thunder and rainwater poured through the fresh hole in the glass ceiling.  Then came the pegasi, slipping through one at a time, shrieking at the top of their decaying lungs.

	Pilate was the first to get up.  "Rainbow!  Look out—"  With gnashing teeth, he gripped onto his staff and spun about in time to impact a diving zombie.  He bucked a second attack, sending the thing's decrepit body sailing off and smashing through an ancient barricade along one of the adjacent corridors.

	Rainbow Dash climbed over a broken monolith, jumped over a splash of purple muck, and landed with a jump kick against a recovering pegasus' chest.  "We gotta get out of this place!  Pilate, gallop towards one of the tunnels and I'll—"

	Two creatures tackled Rainbow from behind, shoving her to the floor and preparing to spill their slimy innards over her wings.

	"Rainbow!"  Pilate smashed the skull in of a beast, galloped forward, sensed a creature diving from behind, and kicked up a staff from the ground with his hoof.  He spun—knocking the debris back with his weapon—sending it slamming off the skull of the diving creature.  Once again regaining his stride, he sped in and smashed one monster off of Rainbow's backside, then aimed and fired an energy blast at the chest of the other.

	Rainbow rolled to safety in the middle of the room—only to hear Pilate grunting.  She looked over and saw two creatures tackling him from behind.  "Oh no you don't!"  She jumped up, kicked her legs against the center cylinder of the room, and propelled herself at the fight.  She speared both zombies at once, knocking them off Pilate's shoulders and shoving them clear across the room.

	The three of them slammed into something hard.  Rainbow's ears rang with the smashing of granite slabs.  She rolled across the ground, coming to a stop with a pained groan.  When she looked up, the first thing she saw was the cracked face of an equine effigy.

	"Commander Hurricane...?"  She glanced behind to see the tomb smashed to bits.  The barest hint of a petrified skeleton lingered in the rainfall.  "Awwwww shoot."

	Just then, the chamber filled with hellish shrieks.  Rainbow jerked a glanced upwards.  The pegasi had stopped slithering through the hole in the domed ceiling.  They flinched in place, thrashing about.

	"Uhhhh..."

	