"Rainbow!" Pilate exclaimed.

	Rainbow spun around—but had to squint.

	The zebra nervously stood a few feet from her, but even then it was next to impossible to see him.  An exceedingly bright aura of gold light was obscuring his figure, including the bodies of the zombified monsters squirming nearby.

	"Something's happening," the stallion wheezed.  "They... th-they appear to be overcome by something!"

	Rainbow squinted, hovering a hoof over her brow as she approached the source of the light.  "No friggin' way..." she slurred.  "You're not going to believe this..."

	"Uhhh..."  Pilate gulped as he aimed his helm at the paralyzed creatures.  "At this rate, you're welcome to try me."

	Rainbow reached into the blinding light.  Her hoof felt something and gripped around it.  Upon physical touch, the light dimmed slightly, eventually becoming visible in the mare's grasp.  It was a long, double-edged sword, guilded down the center with six studded, multi-colored gemstones.  The metal of the blade was an immaculate golden color, and the hilt bore the image of a regal alicorn.

	"The Sword of Solstice..."  Rainbow Dash murmured, her jaw hanging agape.

	"Huh?"

	Rainbow glanced at the smashed tomb of Commander Hurricane, then back at the blade.  "Of course... of course!"

	"Rainbow, help me out here!  What's going on?"

	"I think a little bit of sunshine has returned to Stratopolis."

	The zebra cocked his helm slightly to the side.  "Is that a weapon in your grasp?"

	"And how..."  Rainbow looked aside at the beasts quivering in pain.  The goo on their bodies evaporated with little puffs of steam the more she held the sword in their direction.  "Still, only one way to find out."  She gripped the hilt of the sword in her teeth, dove in, and gave the beasts a wide slash.

	The creatures literally split in two, and whatever was left of their purple-stained flesh melted into dark ash.  Two creatures suicidally plunged from above, but Rainbow was more than ready.  She grunted into her grip of the weapon and swung the Sword of Solstice in a high arc.  The monsters caught flame for a brief second, then split apart on either side of her, littering the ground with flakes of ash.

	"Great Spark!" Pilate wheezed, flinching from the bits and specks of undead flesh littering around him.

	Rainbow backed up into him, holding the sword in her hooves.  "Pilate, I now know how Hurricane beat back the infestation far enough to seal the heart of this place."

	"Then that means..."

	Rainbow nodded.  "We just might be able to retrace her path and get to the core again."

	"Then what are we waiting for?"

	"Pfft!  Who said anything about waiting?"  Rainbow grinned, then launched herself at a writhing mass of undead.  "Haaaaugh!"  The room flashed with gold as the zombified pegasi met their burning fate.
		//------------------------------//
		// Dash That Extra Sexy Machina		//------------------------------//

	No less than half a dozen zombie pegasi met their burning end in one fell swoop.  Each swing Rainbow Dashmade of the sword sent the undead reeling instantly.  The air filled with black ash as the purple muck evaporated from the proximity of the Sword of Solstice.

	Rainbow Dash sweated from the sheer heat of the weapon's righteous fury.  As she cleared out one end of the circular room, Pilate busied himself with the other half.

	"Haaaugh!"  The zebra came down, slamming the skull in of a beast with his staff before spinning about to block the attack of another diving monster.  He sensed two flying at him from behind, so he twirled to meet their attack.  However, in the midst of his spin, he realized he had moved too slow.  He winced, expecting the teeth of either monster to sink into his neck at any moment.

	Thunder cracked—a great deal louder than previous strikes of lightning.  Suddenly, the two pegasi slumped to a soggy end at Pilate's hooves.

	The zebra stood, panting, his brow furrowed beneath his helm.  He sensed movement, and he tilted his head straight up.  The hole to the top