 of the domed ceiling was clear, though he could have sworn that the faint traces of red-on-black lines denoted a streak leading away from the scene.  He teetered for a while in dull confusion, then turned towards Rainbow Dash.

	The mare was busy clearing away her half of the room with relative east.  She was too preoccupied to notice a creature slipping through the melee and leaping at her flank.

	"Rainbow!" Pilate shouted, immediately galloping her way.  Without a second thought, the stallion leapt and threw his weight forward through his shoulder.

	Wh-wham!  The zebra plowed the monster to the ground with a clatter of metal armor.

	Rainbow Dash felt the impact through her hooves.  Twirling about, she saw the zombie pegasus reeling from Pilate's blow.  She immediately spat the sword out, held it in the crooks of both forelimbs, and lunged forward with a massive down-thrust.  "Haaaugh!"

	The creature's skull split in two and the rest of it turned to ash.  Rainbow Dash leaned forward against the sword, panting.  She threw her mane back and murmured aside.

	"Way to go, Stripesy."  Her muzzle curved as she glanced at him.  "Guess I got carried away there—"  Her ears folded.  "...Celestia."

	Pilate lay on his side, convulsing.  Half of his flank was covered with purple ooze, and it was spreading.

	"Hnnkkkt..." The zebra clenched his teeth, his helm rattling as a hissing breath escaped his muzzle.  "Blessed Spark, it burns."

	Breathless, Rainbow Dash slumped down by the stallion's side.  She watched with twitching eyes as the acidic muck thickened, as if a dozen unholy things were spawning from somewhere deep within.

	"Rainbow..."  Pilate hyperventilated, his voice squeaking in pain.  "Please... tell Belle... t-tell her that I love her..."  He gulped.  "And I'm sorry."

	Clank!  Rainbow stabbed the sword into the ground half-an-inch from Pilate's prone body.

	The stallion wheezed.  "Rainbow...?"

	She said nothing, gripping the hilt as she narrowed her gaze into a righteous glare.  Between them, the Sword of Solstice glimmered with golden energy.  The air grew warmer by the second, resonating with pulsating heat.

	Suddenly, steam rose from Pilate's flank.  The stallion winced slightly, then lay still as—inch by inch—the purple stain dissipated cleanly from his body.  Within the space of a minute, the substance had completely evaporated.  Pilate's flesh lay unblemished.

	The zebra breathed easier and easier.  He moved his lower limbs and was surprised to find that all the pain was gone.

	Rainbow reached a hoof out.  He grabbed it and was helped back to his hooves.

	"What..."  Pilate reeled, still stunned from the ordeal.  "I-I mean... how?  How did you do that just now?"

	"I dunno..."  Rainbow Dash said, pivoting the sword against the stone floor, gazing at it.  "It just came to me naturally."  She blinked, and a faint smile came to her lips.  "Just as naturally as it once came to Hurricane, I bet."

	Pilate stared at her, smiling awkwardly.  He flinched, then spun towards the far ends of the room.  "It's... so still in here..."

	"I know..."

	"What happened to all of the pegasi?"

	"I think we cleared them all away, dude."

	"Really?"

	"Yeah."

	"Spark alive... were they once Hurricane's soldiers?"  Pilate glanced back at Rainbow.  "Or a far more ancient race?"

	"Who knows.  Maybe both?"  Rainbow Dash shrugged, glancing at the etched grooves in the floor.  "Hmmmm..."

	"What is it?"

	Rainbow smirked.  "Call it another natural hunch."  She picked the sword up and trotted forward on three legs.  "But I think I can make life easier for the other survivors in this place."



	"Where are we headed?!" Bellesmith sputtered in the rain as she ran with the group along the outer rim of the circular structure.  "This ship—the Tarkington—is it far away?"

	"Over there!" Seclorum exclaimed, pointing with his hoof.  "That large temple floating beneath the dark thunderloud!"

	"Blessed Spark..."  Belle stammered.  "That has to be at least one hund