red meters away!"

	"There's another temple between us and them!" Prowse exclaimed.  He spun around from where he stood along the windblown edge of the structure.  "Alright, you bloody spark starters!  Let's get a bridge made!"

	"Spark... st-starters?" Josho remarked.

	"I believe Unky Prowsy means 'unicorns,'" Props said.

	"Hmmmf..."  Prowse cocked his weaponized prosthetic.  "Nopony asked you to be a bloomin' translator, lass."

	"Hey, I gotta be useful at something!"  Props blinked her goggled eyes.  "Besides—of course—carrying the manacrystals and looking booty-full."

	"We need to hurry!"  Aatxe said, breathless as he leaned against Seclorum's side.  "The beasts are right behind us!  There's no telling how many more are out there in the storm clouds!"

	"Then let's get this show on the road!"  Seclorum pointed at a mess of zeppelin parts and overturned pillars.  "Arcshod?!  Why don't you get the bridge started?!  You're the strongest of the bunch and—"

	"What in Ledo's lingerie box?!"  Josho barked.

	Belle turned with "Eagle Eye's" body stirring on her back.  "Josho, what is it?"

	"Look for yourself!"  The stallion pointed.

	Murmurs ran across the thick crowd from Lasairfion to Prowse to Aatxe himself.  Everypony watched in a shocked stupor as the two temples—the fractured one close to them and the distant structure with the Tarkington—floated ever so gradually towards them in a slow hover.  Within the span of a minute, they both became three hundred percent easier to scale.

	"It's... it's a miracle," Belle murmured.

	"No way..."  Josho rubbed his scruffy chin, then turned to squint towards the domed roof of the structure behind them.  "Somehow, I smell a rainbow..."



	"Is... is it working?" Pilate stammered.

	"I'm willing to bet!" Rainbow Dash said through a smirking muzzle.  She had stabbed the tip of the Sword of Solstice into the groove of the room's floor.  Golden energy surged down into the niche, filling the grooves where the broken staves had once before.  "If Hurricane wielded this thing, then I don't see why I can't work magic with it either!"

	"What's the source of its power?"

	"I'm not really sure.  But I think the rainbow colored gemstones is something of a clue."

	"They're rainbow colored?"

	"Can't you tell?"  Rainbow glanced up, blinking at his helm.  "Oh.  Right.  Guess you can't."

	"I wish all miracle devices worked the same, Rainbow."

	"Heh.  You and me both, brother."  She reached a dead-end and had to pull the sword out.  "Okay.  I think that's as far as I can drag the temples outside."

	"You're sure about that?"

	"No.  But we can't waste too much time second-guessing ourselves."  She rushed over and grasped him by the hoof.  "We got somewhere to go.  You along for the ride?"

	Pilate gulped and nodded with a rattle of his skystone shard. "As ready as I'll ever be."

	"Think happy thoughts."  Then, with a deep breath, she took off for the hole in the domed ceiling, carrying the determined stallion along with her.
		//------------------------------//
		// Where Is That Confounded Bridge?		//------------------------------//

	"You need help on the up and up?" Zaid asked, glancing occasionally over his shoulder at the crawlspace beneath the Noble Jury's cockpit.  "Want me to paint your nose red so you can fly up here or something?"

	"Floydien's returned from a near-death experience," grunted the elk as he climbed up the last few remaining feet.  He emerged upon the cockpit, wincing.  "And even still, the boomer does not amuse him."

	"Seriously, though.  You've just had your melon seriously fudged up."  Zaid smirked as he returned his attention to the debris and stormclouds ahead.  "The least I could do is let you chillax a bit longer while I improve on my flight skills—Whoah dayum!"  Zaid had just been thrown to rear of the cockpit by a massive cloven hoof.

	"Boomer must have skills in the first place that stand improving!"  Floydien frowned, wincing as he climbed back into his own seat.  "Nnngh..."  He gritt