rosthetic weapon and aimed at the exit behind them.  "Get a move on!  I'll hold the buggers back as much as I can!"

	"You mean we will!"  Josho galloped up to his side and trained his shotgun at the same space.  A Xonan and a Ledomaritan formed up along the phalanx with their crossbolts.  "We'll take out the first freaks in the wave!" Josho exclaimed.  "You wait to blast the bulk of 'em with your boomstick.  Sound like a plan?"

	"I can certainly dance to that tune!" Prowse spat.  "Propsicle!  Get yer arse a'movin', lassie!"

	"Okay..."  Props nodded nervously, then turned around.  "Come on, Belle!" she exclaimed, scampering towards the bridge as the unicorns finished making the bridge.  Under the insistence of Arcshod, Lasairfion and her subjects were the first to cross.

	"They'll be coming any moment now," Aatxe murmured, then gazed up into the swirling maelstrom of lightning and thunder.  "Just where is Rainbow Dash...?"
		//------------------------------//
		// Beware of Dashies Bearing Gifts		//------------------------------//

	"It's simple!"  Rainbow Dash said, carrying Pilate around the broad, curved balcony of the structure.  "We make it back to the door with the Urohringr symbol—"

	"Urohringr symbol?!" the stallion sputtered.

	Rainbow Dash went on.  "I clear the slime from the area, then open the door.  You watch my back, and I'll carve us a path back into the heart of the city!"

	"Uhhh..."

	"Together, we can get that friggin' skystone to the place where Roarke wants it to go!"

	"Assuming it all goes well, then how do we get to the others?"

	"Uhhhhm..."

	"I mean, if we're flying Stratopolis to its doom, then it stands to reason that there won't be any platforms left for us to make into a safe haven!"

	"Well, Seclorum's and Lasairfion's group are making their way to the Tarkington."

	"Yes."  The zebra nodded.  "And the Jury?"

	"I'm pretty sure we'll still have time to find them and grab them!"

	"We will?"

	"I will!"  Rainbow frowned, then glanced back at him through the glow of the sword.  "Look, Pilate.  I've got a cybernetic zebra and a glowing godsword."

	"Uhhhh..."

	"What I'm saying is that it's best not to look a gift-horse in the mouth and just make do with what we've got!  Any delay, and we'll actually be putting our friends in danger—"

	"There's something ahead of us," Pilate stammered.

	"Huh?"  Rainbow Dash looked ahead.  Sure enough, the pegasus could spot an equine figure standing at the half-open barricade to the interior of the structure.  It was a mare, and her hooves fearlessly stood within inches of the bubbling purple muck.  "Belle?"

	Pilate was already gnashing his teeth as his helmet flickred.  "Rainbow, that's not my beloved—"

	"Like I'm really that stupid," Rainbow grumbled.  She hovered to a stop, frowning.  "Look, I've got no time for you shape-shifting creeps anymore!  Now get out of the way!"  She shook her back, rattling the sword sticking out of her saddlebag with a glow for good measure.

	The doppleganger stood in place, staring placidly up at the pegasus.

	"Rainbow... I-I don't like this," Pilate wheezed.

	"Yeah, well, she's about to like this even less."  Plop!  Rainbow Dash touched down a safe distance from the ooze.  While Pilate teetered on dizzied limbs, Rainbow reached her muzzle back and grasped the sword's hilt. She marched forward with a righteous glow.  The muck spread away from her hoofsteps as she trained the sword at her target.  "Mrrrmmf..."  She spoked in a muffled yet assertive tone.  "Unless you wanna become fake pony parmesan, you'd better turn carapace and run.  Ya hear me?"

	The fake Bellesmith stood her ground.

	Pilate tilted his head back and forth.  His ears twitched, and he suddenly craned his head towards the cloudy sky.

	"Last warning, bucko!"  Rainbow Dash took a swipe at the ground.  The Sword of Solstice showered sparks, making the slime retreat with ashen fright towards the barricade.  "You have no more business here!"

	"Belle" blinked... then smiled.  "That's impo