ssible, for Mother wishes to speak to you."

	Rainbow Dash's eyes twitched.

	Pilate gasped.  "Rainbow—"  He tried reaching for his staff, but it was too late.  No less than a dozen shapes broke camouflage, leaping off the contours of the balcony where they had been clinging all this time.  Like moths, the materializing monsters swarmed the two, knocking Pilate back onto his spine.  "Ooof!"

	"Mrmmmf?!"  Rainbow Dash spun. Her eyes bugged, and she thrusted forward with the blade.

	The line of shape shifters effortlessly split formation, evaded the sword slice, and lunged their limbs forward in a mixed cornacopia of tentacles and pinchers.

	"Graaaugh!"  Rainbow Dash thrashed back and forth, struggling in the odd array of animal appendages.  She slashed her sword at everything that moved, but the creatures anticipated her every tactic.  Collectively, they swung her back and suplexed her hard into the balcony's edge.

	Cl-Clakkk!  The Sword of Solstice flew free, landed, and slid across the granite steps.  It came to a rattling stop several feet away, leaning precariously into the wind gusks of Stratopolis along the structure's edge.

	Pilate sensed it.  He scuffled over, reaching a shivering hoof forward.  A hoof stepped on his fetlock, forcing the zebra to yelp in pain.  A half-dozen changelings wrangled him off the floor and slammed him against a pillar across from the sword, holding him in place.

	In the meantime, the rest of the creatures swarmed Rainbow Dash.  Dozens and dozens more came out of the niches and shadowy crooks of the place, until the pegasus was certain that she was being smothered with Stratopolis' entire changeling population.

	They covered her like termites, affording her only one sliver of space to see through.  Rainbow's twitching eyes glanced past the black shells and quivering wings, and there she saw the smile on Belle's face.  It morphed into a fanged maw as a line of green flame cascaded down the undisguised shape-shifter's face.

	"Mother would like to thank you, Austraeoh, for unwrapping the greatest gift she could possibly ask for," the creature said as the rest of the monsters lifted Rainbow Dash off her hooves.  "The black heart of Stratopolis."
		//------------------------------//
		// Destiny, Misery, and Your Mother		//------------------------------//

	By the time Bellesmith hopped off the levitating bridge and onto the fractured temple, she had no chance to breathe with relief, on account of Elma's body twitching involuntarily.

	The mare gasped, glancing over her shoulder at the changeling.  "Elma?  Elma, what's the matter?"

	"It's her..." Elma squeaked in Eagle Eye's voice.  The lavender coat started to fade, giving way to a black shell and smoldering green eyes.  "I... I-I can feel her... oh good heavens, she's here!"

	"Elma!"  Belle winced.  She glanced over at the procession of survivors hopping off the makeshift bridge and onto the platform.  One by one, the ponies formed a dense cluster in the center of the temple.  Trotting stealthily to the side, Belle knelt beside an overturned column and laid Elma onto the ground.  "Pssst... Elma!  Look at me!"

	"I'm so sorry..."  Elma bit her lip, her teeth forming and losing fangs in every other blink.  "Please... d-don't devour me... I was so blind... I-I had no idea..."

	"Elma.  Please.  You must maintain your shape."  Belle winced.  "I mean EE's shape!  Focus on me!  Focus on my voice!"  She smiled reassuringly, caressing the shapeshifter's cheek.

	The creature looked up, its face fluctuating to and from a lavender sheen.  At last, Elma took on the form of a petite stallion.  A solitary tear trickled down a fuzzy cheek.

	"Now..."  Belle leaned forward, her eyes set on Elma's.  "Who is here?"

	Elma gulped, ultimately stammering in Eagle Eye's voice.  "Mother."



	"Grrrkkk!"  Rainbow Dash felt herself being lifted up, up, up into the hurricane winds.  A solid cluster of changelings were gripping her every limb, floating her two dozen feet off the balcony's edge.

	Down below, Pilate