!"

	By the time she peered into the lavatory and infirmary—both with no success—she was starting to collapse.  Tears sprang from her eyes and her muzzle choked on a sob.

	It was around that time she heard a faint voice from the next compartment towards the stern.  Breathless, Belle dried her cheeks and limped into the mess hall.  Between the hallway and the long table, a pair of figures sat on the sofa that filled up most of the tiny lounge.  One was Kera, slumped sideways against a hoofrest with her legs curled up.  She gazed into the distance while Zaid squatted in front of her.  The stallion had a glossy metal bowl full of fresh grapes, and he was plucking them one at a time off a tiny set of stems.

	"...now here's a bit of a secret, only it isn't one, really.  And yet it is, cuz I've carried it with me for so long."  The stallion smirked and raised a goblet to her tiny lips.  "Strawberry and cranberry juice.  Good stuff, right?  Here, take a sip, sweet pea."

	Kera's lips tensed and untensed.  At last, they pursed wide enough for Zaid to pour a tiny amount into her mouth.

	"Ah!  There we go.  No need to drown you in fruitgasm, though that'd be a fitting thing for a tombstone."  He winked, lowered the goblet, and held the bowl of grapes up.  "Now, give it a second or two for the taste to settle.  'Kay?  Now... let's have ourselves a nice purple grape, shall we?  Just what the doctor ordered... the doctor of awesome."  He held it to her muzzle, giving it a tiny shove against her lips.  "It's alright.  Don't be afraid.  It's the green grapes that'll murder ya..."

	Not long after, Kera nibbled, then inhaled the tiny piece of fruit in question.  Zaid hoofed her another, and she gobbled it down more liberally.

	"Yeah... and one to grow on!"  Zaid smirked.  "Now, here's the part with enchantment and kitten sparkles.  Ya ready?"  He picked up the goblet again.  "Same juice, right?  But—alas... if we just take a sip..."

	He tilted it to her lips.  The tiny filly swallowed a miniature gulp.  Once Zaid lowered the cup, Kera remained still, but her ears twitched slightly... then twitched again.  There was the hint of darting movement to her eyes.

	"Eh... ehhhh?"  Zaid grinned from ear to ear.  "Where'd the strawberry and cranberry go?  Was it suddenly and inexplicably replaced with a muzzle-ful of sweetastic heaven?!"  He slapped his two hooves dramatically in front of her.  "Pshhhhhh!  Magic!  Killer, huh?"  He smirked as he picked the bowl of grapes up again.  "I learned it while having to ration fruit on top of one of Khao's ships.  I tell ya... those long journeys over the Ledomaritan mountains were boring as stones, but I found a way to jazz up the situation.  Amazing how sweet life can get if you just squeeze out the bitter, y'know?"

	It was around this point that Belle finally regained the breath to speak.  "Zaid...!"

	The stallion looked over his shoulder.  "Hey-heyyyyy!  Look who's up'n'at'em!"  Zaid winked at Kera.  "She's a very funny mare, your mom."

	"What do you think you're doing?!" Belle stammered as she hobbled towards the sofa.

	"Uhhhh..."  Zaid blinked awkwardly with the bowl in his grasp.  "What I do best?  You don't have to be in demolition to break through walls."  He popped a piece of fruit into his mouth and held the bowl out to her.  "Mmmmmf... how 'bout some nibble for your tribble?"

	"Did you steal Kera out from our room?!" Belle growled.

	"Ew, and commit Grand Theft Filly on a Tuesday?  No thank you."

	"Answer the question!" She stamped a hoof.

	Zaid choked on a grape, wheezed, and waved a forelimb.  "Alright!  No need to get all Riversaddle on me!  Jeez!"  He slapped his own chest, inhaled sharply, and said, "I heard somepony whimpering.  Figured it was her.  Thought the little scamp could use some food, so..."

	"Zaid, I've got Kera taken care of!"  Belle frowned.  "If you wanted to see her, you should have asked me!"

	"Uhhhh..."  Zaid's eyes darted left and right.  He smirked awkwardly.  "I think I can see her just fine.  What, do I need 