 shook and struggled in the grip of several burly shape-shifters.  With clenched teeth, he tilted his helm to the side.  He sensed the Sword of Solstice's shape several feet away, wobbling along the balcony's edge.  Try as he might, he couldn't get his limbs to budge a single inch under the pressure of the creatures tackling him, much less reach towards the glowing weapon.  All he could do was tilt his head up at the sound of buzzing dragonfly wings.

	Rainbow squinted through tearing eyes.  She was being pivoted to face the upper rim of the balcony just above the overhang that led to the Urohringr barrier.  Clinging to the roof's edge, several changelings scurried and clustered together.  More and more arrived from the distant stretches of Stratopolis, all skittering on porous black hooves.  At last, when there were over seventy of the obsidian wretches, they pressed against one another, forming a tight black ball of rattling carapaces and folded dragonfly wings.

	Then, gradually, that ball took shape, its edges morphing out and turning into jagged edges and rough joints.  Two points formed to the top left and the top right, followed by a spike of clumped bodies in the center.  Last but not least, the lower half of the cluster of changelings dangled loosely from the top half, hanging off by a "hinge" of sorts.  Then—with a cadence of cricketsong—the changelings all fluttered their wings in sequence.  A line of flame wafted once, twice, three times over the entire cluster.  At last, the collective black sheen of the multiple segmented bodies glossed over into the facade of one polished surface.  A face had fully formed, complete with fangs, a drooping webbed mane, and a pair of piercing green eyes that burst open with dual pulses of blazing emerald.

	And then that face spoke:

	"Ohhhh, how I do love to make an entrance," the voice rang with a nauseating vibration that tickled the hurricane gales.

	Rainbow Dash gritted her teeth.  She helplessly stared into the massive muzzle.  "Chrysalis," she sneered.

	"Austraeoh," the face of Chrysalis smiled.  Tiny puffs of green flame flickered randomly across her visage, revealing the ghostly shadows of limbs, wings, and more limbs.  Then all was clear once again.  "You have proven most fortuitous.  Misery has followed you east across the continents.  And now, misery has followed you through ten thousand years of forsaken time.  If I didn't know better, I would have guessed you were hatched instead of foaled."

	"Too much of a coward to actually see me face to face?!" Rainbow snarled.

	"But we have seen each other face to face," Chrysalis said, her massive face morphing through green flame to bear a hurt expression.  "On the Lightning Bearer.  You see, I had to know that you were something worth manipulating."  A flicker of flame; a smug grin.  "You did not disappoint."

	"Don't drag me into your stupid puppet games!" Rainbow Dash spat.  "You're responsible for the deaths of thousands of lives!"

	"Tens of thousands, actually.  Isn't that a lovely number?  Sometimes I count it to myself while I fall into hibernation so I can wake up the next hatching season with a smile."  A pair of fangs glimmered to life.  "Every death... every wound... every horrible consequence of war that you deem abominable is simply a seed that'll grow for my hive's glorious harvest."

	"Is that your friggin' plan?!" Rainbow Dash sputtered, struggling against the changelings holding her.  All was futile.  "Nnnngh... You're sowing misery all across the world so you can feed your children?!"

	"It's about destiny, Rainbow Dash.  As the Austraeoh, surely you've become well-acquainted with that.  I have a destiny too."  Chrysalis' eyes narrowed into glimmering slits.  "But unlike yours, my future is comprehendable, for it is a goal I've set for myself and myself alone since long before your insipid nation was born.  No stars foretold my journey.  I'm not blindly led by deteriorating books and a scattering remnant of foolish zealots defending some indefinable cause."

	"It's abou