t Tchern, isn't it?!" Rainbow Dash frowned.  "All of this is some pathetic attempt to impress your lame sister on the dark side of the world!"

	"I will not have a pathetic mortal pawn like you insulting the legacy of my elder sister and Queen!  She has sacrificed far too much and far too long to deserve that sort of abuse!"  The flickering head leaned back, hissing with the assistance of dozens of dragonfly wings.  "Tchern is righteous, but she is also stubborn.  She doesn't realize that our combined strength alone is not enough to achieve victory in the Trinary War.  That is why I've taken it upon myself to pursue this most glorious undertaking.  By siphoning the dreadful emotions of the sunlit realm, I shall amass a well-fed army powerful enough to return full-force to the dark side.  Once reunited with Tchern's hive, the Twin Queens shall be unstoppable.  At last, after thousands of years of chaos, we will unite the fragments of Endrax and lay claim to the Sarcophagus of Ages.  Both the Sarosian and Night Shard armies will be driven into ruin, and we will have our rightful claim to the powers of harmony and chaos that keep this plane adrift."

	Rainbow Dash's pupils shrank.  "The 'Sarcophagus of Ages...'"  She blinked.  "Wait, you mean the Midnight Armory?!"  She frowned.  "And just what in the buck happened to Endrax?!"

	"She was nothing but a relic of the Age before the Sundering," Chrysalis said with a flickering smile.  "Her vigil was over long before it began.  The Three Armies overran her bastion eons ago.  After all, we now live on the fragments of a broken world, and everything is dying.  Including you, Austraeoh, the supposed spark that the empty runes of old claim will reunite the pieces of Urohringr."  A thunderous cascade rolled through the air in the form of ghostly laughter.  "A perfect epoch is perfect only once.  There is nothing to restore, and yet there is everything to reinvent.  I know this now, for one of the Sentinels from before the Sundering is now in my possession, and I have you to thank for that."

	"What in the hay could you possibly accomplish with a floating death city full of zombies?!"

	"I shall master its nagivation, and carry it on a path of destruction to the far reaches of the world, through the Grand Choke and beyond.  The cursed infestation of the past shall pour forth from the heart of this Sentinel, waging misery across the continents.  All the while, my beloved children will feed and grow strong, starting with the kingdom where I have now settled.  It is a bountiful place, full of many souls ready to scream and sob.  They shall serve as my springboard here, and when the rest of the sunlit world becomes covered in blight, my hive will have rejoined with Queen Tchern on the far side, initiating an Age of Glorious Night."

	Rainbow Dash's muzzle hung open.  "Val Roa," she murmured.  "You're already in Val Roa as we speak..."

	The Queen's eyes billowed with green flame.  "And what a succulent sepulcher it will become..."
		//------------------------------//
		// Where Misery Goes to Graze		//------------------------------//

	"Here they come!" Josho shouted.

	Seclorum gritted his teeth, concentrating on the plank of metal he was levitating in place as the middle of the "bridge."  He glanced out the corner of his eyes as a solid line of pegasi swooped down at them.  "The last ponies are hopping over now!  We need cover!"

	"On it!"  Prowse shouted, running to the edge of the temple on the other side.  "Propsicle, I hate to ask ya for it, lass, but—"

	"All in the family, Unky Prowsy!"  Props rushed over and braced his flank with her spine.  "Fire away!"

	Now with a firm hoofing, the stallion aimed his prosthetic at the thick of the undead flock, charged up the crystal batteries, and fired.  A burning stream of mana flared through the hurricane winds, evaporating the rainwater as it traveled towards its targets.

	Six pegasi melted instantly.  The rest of them split on either side of the energy discharge and came swooping at opposite angles.

	"Brace