 yourselves, everypony!"  Josho exclaimed, firing pot-shots at the creatures on the left.

	Two of them fell.  The rest swooped low, biting and clawing at the heads of several equines.

	The survivors ducked low while the winy air filled with criss-crossing projectiles from the ponies' makeshift weapons.  In the meantime, a thick line of pegasi swooped down from the right.  Josho pivoted to fire at them, but it was too late.

	With a deep breath, Lasairfion rushed in and blasted a stream of energy from her horn.  She erected a forcefield that succeeded in blocking the first line of winged undead.  Several more seeped around the edges of the barrier and came soaring down at the platform.

	"The last pony is through!" Seclorum shouted as Arcshod and the other unicorns began hopping along the remains of the bridge, carrying levitating platforms along with them.  "Quick!  We've gotta make it to the other side—"

	"A little busy here, old friend!" Josho grunted, slamming his shotgun across the snout of a zombie and firing its barrels deep into its quivering gut.

	"Watch it!" Seclorum shouted as he and Arcshod made it onto the platform.  Puddles of purple muck was starting to form along the temple's surface.  "We gotta off 'em in the air!  Keep them away!"

	"Tell them that!" Prowse growled as he spun and swung his prosthetic into the mangy face of one creature after another.  "Come and get some, ya bloody sods!"

	"We don't want to win the battle!" Aatxe stammered.  "We want to avoid it!"  He pointed to the far end of the platform.  "Come on, everypony!  Just one more bridge to the Tarkington!"

	"Secchy!" Josho shouted.  "You, Arcshod, and the others go!  We'll hold them off!"

	"This many of them?!"  Seclorum wheezed as he galloped across the landscape with his heavy metal plank floating after him.  He sweated from the constant telekinetic effort.  "We won't last a minute!"

	"Lasairfion's got her magic and Prowse's boomstick is recharging!  We can do this—"

	A pair of pegasi dove out of the clouds and coasted straight towards Josho.

	Belle saw it.  With a gasp, she let go of Elma and picked up a chunk of granite.  "Josho!  Watch it!"  Grunting, she threw the rock with all her might.

	It flew in a curved arc through the wind and ricocheted off one pegasi's skull.  At the sound of the pained shriek, Josho turned and ducked before the creature could rake its teeth across his neck.  Shouting, he swung the butt of his shotgun agains the skull of the second monster.

	The battered pegasus veered left and right, bounced off a column, and partially dissolved in midair.

	"Look out!" a Ledomaritan shouted as everypony ducked its careening body.

	"My ship!" Aatxe shouted.  "I can see it!  Arcshod, over here—"  The stallion grunted as the pegasus' corpse slammed into him.

	"Aatxe!" Seclorum yelped.

	Arcshod spun with wide eyes.  Snarling, the large stallion marched over and swung his metal plank like a bludgeon, knocking the quivering mess of a creature off of Aatxe's shoulders.

	Seclorum scampered over, standing by Arcshod's silent figure.  He grimaced.

	"Gnnngh... mmmfffnngh..." Aatxe curled up in a quivering ball, his eyes tearing.  Purple muck oozed down the sides of his body, causing tiny columns of steam to rise.  "It... it b-burns..."  He looked up, muzzle quivering.  "How... h-how bad is it?"

	"Xon..." Arcshod exhaled.

	Belle covered her gasping muzzle from afar.

	For once, Seclorum was at a loss for words.



	"I don't care how many minions she has at her command!" Pilate sputtered from where he lay in the grip of several changelings along the structure's balcony.  "She's obsessed with agony!  And that makes her as corrupt and short-sighted as every other thug we've run across, Rainbow Dash!  Don't give into her despair—"  One of the shape-shifters holding him down gave his chest a hard punch.  "Aaaugh!"

	"Stop it!" Rainbow hissed into the face of the changeling queen.  "Don't hurt him!  Or, I swear, I'll—"

	"You'll what?"  The face smiled with a