 flicker of green.  "The only reason you've had friends these last few months is because I've allowed it."

	"Okay, now I know you're just spewing bullcrap," Rainbow grumbled.

	"Do you seriously think that all I've ever known of you has been gathered from leeching your emotions alone?"  Chrysalis' eyes flashed, and her face took on a white sheen with a mane of rippling pastel hues.  "Your kingdom is home to more than the average mortals," she said in Celestia's voice.  In a flash of green, Luna's face loomed.  "The night doth belong to creatures far more cunning than all that thou hath allied with." The face went pale again, accompanied by eyes brimming with eternal wisdom.  "My children are everywhere," the vision of Whitemane said.  "And they all have eyes.  My eyes.  When I sensed opportunity in the Ancient Homeland fading, I sent the bulk of the brood to investigate.  I found a world nearly sundered by a chaotic rift, and then there was one survivor—one miserable, miserable survivor heading east.  I didn't realize it at first, but she was bringing the delectable chaos to me."  The air filled with nauseating laughter as Whitemane vanished and Chrysalis' visage returned full-force.  "And that is why I ultimately decided to keep my station in Xona and turn my focus on Val Roa.  You see, an inexplicable agent of chaos would soon be in my grasp.  So long as I led her to the Sentinel, there was no backtracking required."

	"I... am not an agent of chaos," Rainbow Dash snarled.  "I am the last Element of Harmony!  I am—"

	"The divine 'Spark' or some other such nonsense, yes?"  Chrysalis' face morphed into a contemptuous scowl.  "I believe in the style of the runic prophecies my brood have discovered in the Sentinel and beyond.  I don't take quite as much stock in the substance.  You are destined to make your trip east, yes.  Hmmmmm—But there's simply been no declaration set in stone over who you were making this trip for."

	"I am not going to be your device to make horrible things happen in Val Roa or anywhere!" Rainbow's voice cracked.

	"And yet you're so good at it," Chrysalis said with a resonating chuckle.  "From kingdom to kingdom, you leave death and destruction in your wake.  I sometimes think to myself that I don't need the Sentinel and its black heart at all."

	"It's... it's n-not true..."  Rainbow Dash seethed, avoiding the image's gigantic gaze.  "I'm not a monster.  I'm the Element of Loyalty.  I'm... I'm awesome..."

	"Oh, admittedly, you did need... a boost from time to time.  Misery is like sheep; it has to be herded and managed to properly graze on the living.  That's why I had my children intercede in little ways to make sure you arrived in this city..."

	Rainbow Dash sneered.  "Prowse..."

	"And, of course, why not feed on those unfortunate enough to be herded along with you?  Honestly, I couldn't help myself.  The thirst for anguish made it too much to pass up.  All it took was putting some of my children in the right places at the right times."

	"What..."  Rainbow squinted.  "What are you even trying to say?"

	"Are you really so blind, Rainbow Dash?"  Chrysalis fanged teeth showed.  "Are you so pathetically loyal to the idea of your own lonely plight that you can't see through pure coincidence and see it for the masterfully constructed mechanization it really was?"

	Rainbow's muzzle hung agape in confusion.

	"He was blind too.  His tenacity and determination made him a great deal like you.  But madness had dissolved his resolve, and—unlike you—he was so... so very easy to manipulate.  This should be no surprise to you, since one of your best friends had manipulated him before."

	Rainbow's eyes quivered.  "Shell..."

	Pilate glanced up, breathless.

	"You... y-your broodlings guided Shell... to Lerris...?" Rainbow murmured.

	"To a feast, Rainbow," Chrysalis thundered.  "And you, the Austraeoh, shall bring the Sentinel to the greatest banquet of all in Val Roa..."
		//------------------------------//
		// Lay Your Head to Rest		//-------------------