ud heap."

	"Then th-that's what matters..."  Aatxe nodded.

	"They're swooping in!" Josho exclaimed.  "Boys...?"

	Aatxe motioned for the crate.

	Prowse clenched his teeth and slid it over.

	Aatxe gripped the edge, tilting it over so that the explosives rattled to a stop against his body.  He limply scooped several of them up at once.  His eyes darted over to Seclorum.  "Hey... soldier..."

	Seclorum stared at him through foggy eyes.

	Aatxe smirked.  "Never stop fighting..."  He coughed, snorted, and breathed, "But find some time to love as well..."

	Seclorum slowly, slowly nodded.  He reached his forelimb forward.

	Aatxe lifted his.  With an inch to spare, however, both stallions avoided making contact, settling for an imagined hoof-bump.  Slime spread over Aatxe's body, forcing him to whimper slightly in pain.  He rolled over, causing the explosives to rattle like loose pebbles.

	"Okay!  Everypony else is across!"  Josho shouted, backtrotting towards the bridge as he aimed his shotgun at the sky.  "Incoming—"

	"No!" Aatxe managed to yell.  He stood up on wobbling legs, his body dribbling purple muck to the floor as he shuffled towards the middle of the platform.  "Don't fire!  Let them come... let them c-come to me."

	Josho gnashed at his teeth.  With a grunt, he turned and galloped full-speed across the floating bridge while Arcshod maintained it.  Prowse followed short behind, glancing over his shoulder.  "Seclorum!  Time to go, laddie!"

	Seclorum held his breath, turned, and sprinted across the bridge.  The unicorns holding up the rear dropped their zeppelin pieces and ran after him—one levitating plank at a time.  At last, Arcshod drew up what was left of the rusted chunks and threw them to the winds of Stratopolis.  As for the pegasi—

	"Hey!" Aatxe's gargling voice sliced through the winds.  He tossed one grenade high into the air.  It burst overhead, illuminating the gray malaise of the storm with a brief plume of fiery orange.  "Over here, you mangy death pigeons!  Dinner's served!"

	The diving figures spiraled about, ribboned their way through the air, and converged on the platform where the sputtering stallion stood.  He fell back as they pounced on him, but fought and struggled with a stifled howl.

	"Raagghhhgh—Is th-that all you've got?!  Grrhghhh—I've been waiting eightteen years for th-this dance!"

	A sheet of heavy rain shot between the platforms, obscuring the struggle.

	Bellesmith watched from the cover of a granite pillar.  Props stood, shivering in the rain, while her uncle paused at her side to steady her with a natural hoof.  Lasairfion and Arcshod stood in reverant silence while the survivors rushed for cover behind them.  Among the galloping ponies were Josho and Seclorum, the latter of which stopped within stone's throw of the stranded Tarkington to turn and glance at the platform beyond.

	It would not last for long.  Kapowwwww!  In a brilliant spray of combined explosions, the battered temple evaporated with a spray of purple mist and limbs.  The hurricane winds carried off the gore and debris before it could remotely make its way towards where the survivors were currently perched.  For a heavenly spell, the air was devoid of undead shrieks... or the bellowing shouts of one brave stallion.
		//------------------------------//
		// You Are What You Eat		//------------------------------//

	"You have done a marvelous job serving my brood from the outside," Chrysalis' image said with each flickering shift of her grinning jaws.  The massive cluster of shapeshifters leaned forward so that her leering face was practically "breathing" on the restrained pegasus.  "But it is now that you join the fold, Austraeoh."

	"Grnnnghh!"  Rainbow Dash hissed and spat as she struggled in the changelings' grip that was hovering her in place.

	Fangs glistened in the wet gray air as the Queen spoke, "I will feast on your pain and assimilate your essence into the hive.  At last, my children shall wield complete control over the Sentinel and the beacon