s of Urohringr beyond.  You'll no longer have a reason to fear dying before the end of your flight, Rainbow Dash, for you shall live on in us.  Your journey is now our journey, and victory awaits us with our sister Tchern at the Sarcophagus of Ages."

	"Rainbow Dash!" Pilate gasped.

	"Darn it, don't do this!" Rainbow growled.  "I don't care how bloody the Trinary War is!  Nothing is worth trashing the entire light side of the world just to get what you want!"  She seethed.  "You have so much friggin' power and influence!  Why can't you do use it for something good or harmonic for once?"

	"Oh please, Rainbow..."  Chrysalis face briefly flashed to Luna's.  "We both know that pain and destruction is all we're good for."  The brood queen's dark and glossy visage returned.  "I am not converting you so much as I am completing you.  At least now the Austraeoh's destiny will be a slow burn instead of a tragic conflagration."  She tilted her massive head aside and nodded towards a source above Rainbow Dash.  "Proceed, my child."

	Rainbow Dash struggled to look up.  One changeling flitted out from the massive swarm and flew down to her level.  It converted its dangling left forelimb into a massive stinger, dripping with frightening green venom.

	"Induct her into the hive," Chrysalis said with a hissing smirk.

	The changeling loomed closer, aiming the stinger for Rainbow's chest.

	"Snkkkt... please..."  Rainbow Dash stammered through clenched teeth, twitching.  "Don't do this.  I've got friends..."  Her eyes went glossy.  "I've got ponies to save.  We all have ponies to save.  Don't listen to her.  You don't have to..."

	The changeling reached into the mass of shape-shifters holding Rainbow Dash and gripped the back of the pegasus neck.  It then pressed the stinger to Rainbow's sternum.

	Rainbow shivered, a tear forming along the edge of her right eye.  "It d-doesn't have to be like this..."

	Pilate watched from below, frozen in fear.

	The changeling reared its stinger, coiled its muscles to puncture Rainbow's chest... then suddenly thrusted its head forward, kissing Rainbow squarely on the lips.

	"Mmmmmmffff!" Rainbow gasped into the creature's fangs, cross-eyed.  When the long kiss ended, she jerked back, breathless.

	The changeling caressed the back of Rainbow's head, gazing at her closely.  One by one, freckles appeared across its cheek, followed by a fuzzy orange complexion.  "No more tears, sugarcube..."

	Rainbow's lips quivered.  "It's... it's you..."

	"What is going on here?!"  Chrysalis' voice boomed as the face flickered from left to right with furious green flame.  "Pierce her heart!  Make her one of us!"

	"Shhhh..."  Applejack stroked Rainbow's cheek, fluttering backwards with a rosy-cheeked smile.  "It's gonna be alright."  Green eyes sparkled.  There was a glint of something fiery, like sunshine on apple orchards, and the shape-shifter spun around, spiraled, and plunged full-force into the gaping mouth of the massive Chrysalis facade.

	"Graaaauchkkkt!"  Chrysalis' skull reared back against the temple.  Lightning flashed overhead, illuminating the orange bands suddenly rivuleting across her face, one changeling at a time.  "Hnnnghhh... what... wh-what is happening?!  What d-did you do?!"

	Rainbow Dash buckled.  She gasped, glancing aside.  The changelings gripping her were wincing, their faces wrought with confusion and dizziness.

	Down below, the creatures holding Pilate fell to their sides, clutching their skulls as tufts of green fumes billowed from their eye sockets.

	As thunder rolled, the windy air filled with the cries and wails of the changelings.  One by one, the face of Chrysalis dissolved as the shape-shifters constituting her face loss cohesion.

	"My children... nnngh—no!  Listen to me!  Listen to your Queen!  Graaughkkt!"  The face thrashed from left and right as more and more orange bodies overtook the solid black gloss.  "Stop!  Your mother commands you!  Do not... gnnngh... do not feed on it!"

	At last, the creatures could no longer hold