 onto Rainbow Dash.  They all drifted to the granite surface of the balcony, joining the twitching figures who fell from the dissolving face of their brood queen.  Rainbow flapped her wings, hovering a few feet above the scene.  Everywhere she turned to look, changelings were curling up into fetal positions, lost in sobs and murmurs of confusion.

	Pilate jerked about, his rattling helm struggling to take the situation in.  At last, he scampered freely to the edge and scooped up the Sword of Solstice in the crook of his hoof.  "Quick!  Rainbow Dash!"  He galloped straight for a tight cluster of dazed changelings.  "While they're down for the count—"

	"No!"  Rainbow Dash held a hoof out, stopping him in his tracks.  "Just... just wait..."

	"Wait?!"  Pilate panted and panted.  "Wait for what?"

	"Something's happening..."  Rainbow Dash slowly, slowly smiled, tilting her head up towards the mass of changelings.  "Something awesome..."

	Pilate stood by her side and gazed up as well.

	"Stop!  It will make you weak!  We need to keep strong!" Chrysalis sputtered and hissed, but there were less and less changelings making up her face and mouth to maintain the speech.  "Don't feed on it!  Mother needs you!  I need you to be strong!  My s-sister... grnnnghh—obey me, children!  Obey... m-m-meeee... aaannnghh!"

	Chrysalis' skull yanked upwards, and when it came back down it was in over forty separate pieces.  The changelings collapsed across the balcony, and they did so in a splash of rainbow color.  Coats of orange, lavender, pink, yellow, white, and sky-blue.

	Rainbow couldn't help it.  She flinched, leaping into Pilate's side and bracing herself against his shoulders.  She hyperventilated slightly, her ruby eyes reflecting a sea of Twilights, Rarities, Pinkies, Fluttershies, and Applejacks.  Pilate, confused at the doppelgangers pooling around him, nevertheless gave Rainbow's hoof a firm reassuring squeeze, and the mare's breaths calmed slightly.



	Whurrrrr—Clank!  The side door to the massive green hull of the Tarkington finally slid open.

	"We're in!" Prowse sputtered through the rainwater coating his face. "Props!  C'mere with the mana crystals, lass!  We gotta jump-start this beast like there's no tomorrow!"

	"Make it quick!" Seclorum growled.  "Aatxe gave us one hell of a window and it'd be a shame to put it to waste!"

	"Just point and click and I'm there!" Props said, sliding into the ship's interior.  "Oooh!  It's even got that metal musk smell!"

	"Savor it later, Propsicle."  Prowse threw a look over his shoulder.  "Josho!  How're the eyes on the sky?!"

	"We're in the clear!" Josho exclaimed, cocking his shotgun with a beam of telekinesis.  He gazed thinly into the rainy wind.  "Nothing's coming this way anytime soon!  Say, did Aatxe say whether or not he had gun turrets on his baby?  Cuz that would be a friggin' goddess-send—"

	Just then, several groaning voices sounded off.  Everypony stopped what they were doing to turn and look.  Out of the group, two Ledomaritans and three Xonans suddenly buckled, collapsing to their hooves as they clutched their skulls in pain.

	"H'raanan siul mess'okuun?" Arcshod stammered as he stood protectively beside Lasairfion.

	"What's their problem?" Seclorum exclaimed.  "Have they been infected?!"

	"No..."  Josho icily trotted towards two of the collapsed ponies, raising his shotgun.  "It's something else..."  His brow furrowed.  "I've seen this before, Secchy..."

	Bellesmith watched breathlessly.  She felt Elma quivering on her back.  "Elma...?"  She turned to look at the shape-shifter.  She had lost Eagle Eye's image entirely.  "Elma!  For Spark's sake!  You have to—"  Belle paused in mid-speech.

	Elma was sobbing.  What's more, she had a smile on her face.  She gazed up with green, evaporating tears.  "She's... she's gone..."

	Belle blinked.  "Who is...?"

	"Mother..."  Elma smiled painfully.  "She lost us... she lost her children..."  A sniffle, and a happy sob.  "We found something better than what she feeds us