..."

	Belle's jaw hung open.  She flashed a look at the collapsed ponies.  In the place of Ledomaritans and Xonans, she saw hauntingly familiar coats and manes.  "Rarity... Fluttershy... Applejack..."

	As soon as she said this, the coats disappeared, and the changelings gained their black carapaces back.  By now, their spasms had stopped, and they huddled in a tight circle on the floor, gazing about in lucid confusion.

	Arcshod scowled.  With a suppressed growl, he whipped out his crossbow and aimed it at the huddled creatures.

	Josho stepped forward, shotgun aimed.

	Belle gasped.  In a blink, she dropped Elma, galloped forward, and slid to a stop directly between Josho and the changelings.  "No!  Stop!  Don't!" she shouted with hooves outstretched.

	"Belle, step away," Josho grumbled.

	"No..."  Belle gulped, and smiled hopefully.  "They're no longer of any threat to us!"

	Josho and Arcshod silently exchanged glances, then glared down at Belle.

	The mare smiled warmly in the rain.  "Trust me..."



	One by one, the changelings on the balcony of the large structure stood up, exchanging weak glances and blinking off their separate spells.

	Pilate trotted around in a circle, gawking at each and every one of them.  At last, he swiveled about and looked towards Rainbow Dash.

	The mare trotted forward, approaching one of several changelings still collapsed on its knees.

	The shape-shifter shook and quivered, hanging its head as it was overcome with sobs.  A blue hoof tilted its chin up.  It stared painfully into Rainbow Dash's face.  Slowly, its black shell turned into an orange coat, topped off with a violet mane.  "I'm... I'm so sorry," Scootaloo's voice stammered.  "I didn't know... we didn't know..."  Tears trickled down the foal's face.  "How c-can there possibly be something better?  It's... it's all sh-she ever gave us... and we b-believed her..."

	Rainbow Dash ruffled the filly's mane.  Slowly, she smiled.  "Guess all you guys needed was a change in diet."

	The doppelganger sniffled, smiled, then flew forward, hugging Rainbow Dash as it buried its sobbing face in her fuzzy blue chest.  Rainbow reached down and stroked its back, even as the black shell returned, accompanied by fumes of green tears.

	Taking a deep breath, Rainbow Dash looked up from the crowd of blank-faced changelings.  Her eyes fell on the Urohringr door, still coated in purple slime.  At last, she glanced back at her friend.  "Pilate..."

	"Yes... Rainbow?"

	"Give me the sword."

	The zebra nervously complied.

	Rainbow parted the hug with the changeling and gripped the glowing blade in the crook of her hoof.  She took a deep breath, facing the barrier and the deathly slime beyond.

	"Let's finish this."
		//------------------------------//
		// A Call to Jury Duty		//------------------------------//

	"Lookie!" Props shouted, pointing a hoof at the peak of the maelstrom.

	Several of the survivors swiveled away from the Tarkington, squinting up at the rainy sky.  In thin threads of winged flight, several black bodies lifted from the large central structure and vanished amidst the gray malaise of Stratopolis.

	"Is it another wave of undead?!" Prowse exclaimed.

	"No," Josho said, shaking his head.  "It's the changelings."

	"Where in the heck are they going?!" Seclorum exclaimed.

	"Their work is done here."

	Everypony looked at Belle.

	She stared back at them, speaking, "They're no longer bound to the same hive mind."

	Several ponies exchanged nervous glances.  Arcshod silently fumed while Seclorum held his breath.

	Josho looked past Belle's shoulder.  Eagle Eye was gone, and in his place was a changeling with a familiar scar across its back.  He turned to squint at Belle in particular.  "You've known all this time...?"

	Belle didn't respond.  She kept her position in front of the shivering cluster of changelings atop the platform.

	Josho took a deep breath. His brow furrowed.  "Belle..."

	"They've released us, Josho," she quietly said above the pitter-patter 