of rain.  "It's time we released them."

	Silently, Josho turned to look at Seclorum and the others.  Arcshod was frowning, but at the shuffle of hooves, the large Xonan stepped aside.  Lasairfion stood in the midst of the group.  She looked at Belle, then at Josho, and slowly nodded.

	Seclorum closed his eyes.  After a deep breath, he turned towards the changelings and spoke icily, "The longer you stay here, the greater the odds of all of you being skewered alive by crossbolts."  He sidestepped several feet.  "Now scram."

	The changelings' fangs rattled.  In frightful flits of dragonfly wings, they all took off, soaring into the swirling clouds beyond.

	Prowse and Props watched, standing side by side in the continuous drizzle, until at last Props tapped on her uncle's side.  "We gotta get the crystals in place!"

	"Right.  After you, lass."

	Belle slumped back, exhaling with relief.  She looked over at Elma—only for an obese figure to block her vision.  She looked up into Josho's serious face.

	"And the real Eagle Eye?  Is he..."  The stallion lingered, clearing his throat.  "Do you know if he is safe?"

	Belle bit her lip.  "I hope so..."



	Hoof after lavender hoof, Eagle Eye climbed up into the cockpit of the Noble Jury.  Once he reached the top, he leaned against the wall—stagnant—his face very pale and distant.

	Floydien sat at the controls with Zaid leaning on the back of the elk's chair.  Outside, Stratopolis reeled and pivoted beyond the ship's windshield.

	"Cheese and crackers, ya space moose!  How can you control this thing so well?"

	"Nancy knows when she's in the grip of her lover."

	"So you're saying that the reason I could only fly us in useless circles is 'cuz I suck at foreplay?"

	"Annoying boomer sucks at many things.  Floydien is too busy to make a list."

	"Now that's just a lazy excuse—even for me."

	Lightning flashed, piercing the murky heavens with strobes of bright blue illumination.  The clouds were getting darker, and it was obvious that the Sun—wherever it was beyond the depths of Stratopolis—was starting to fade away.

	"Eugh... it's getting worse out here!" Zaid exclaimed.

	"Boomer has a point of stating the obvious."

	"Goddess, I'm so glad only one of us speaks in third pony or else all of our collective heads would explode."

	"Enough with the gas gas and help Floydien find the others."

	"Where else is there to go?!"  Zaid pointed over Floydien's sparkling antlers.  "There's that bigass building in the center where we dropped off Rainbow Dash and the others!"

	"Floydien can hardly see through this mess mess.  Is annoying boomer sure they would still be there?"

	Eagle Eye lethargically spoke up, "I'd go searching over there."

	Zaid spun around.  "Huh?"  He blinked.  "Over where?"

	Eagle pointed with a limp hoof, barely tilting his head up.  "Where the changelings are fleeing from."

	Floydien leaned forward in his seat.  "For the love all that glimmer spits..."

	Looming ahead, floating a reasonable space from the central structure, was a platform engulfed in rain clouds.  A patch of shape-shifters flew from the sight, flitting away into the dense murk above.

	"Reckon it's worth checking out," Zaid said.  He turned back to Eagle Eye with a smile.  "How'd you spot that, anyway?"

	"You do remember my name, right?" the unicorn muttered.

	"How could I forget?  It's so marketable."  Zaid squinted.  "You okay, buddy?  How's Ebon?"

	"Fine."  Eagle Eye looked up.  He gave a tender smile.  "We're b-both fine..."
		//------------------------------//
		// As Above, Then So Below		//------------------------------//

	"Rainbow Dash!  Watch it!" Pilate stammered, stumbling after her.

	"Warn them!" Rainbow Dash exclaimed.  "Not me!"  That said, she gnashed her teeth against the hilt of the Sword of Solstice and charged further down the tunnel.  As she did so, she swung the blade to the left and right in heated, golden sweeps.  Each lunge forced the purple slime further and further back from her presence.  