your permission to use my eyes?"

	"Zaid..."

	He scarfed down another grape.  "Mmmf... cuz if you ask me, Pilate's overdue in that department—"

	"For Spark's sake, Zaid, do you ever stop joking for once?!"  Belle brushed past him and picked the Kera up, draping filly over her flank.  "In case you haven't been paying attention, this poor little pony's been through a lot!"

	"Uhhhhh... yeah..."  Zaid gulped down some grapes and shrugged.  "So I figured... y'know... sweet fruit, companionship, sunshine?  The girl's catatonic, not a vampire."

	"She needs rest and peace, Zaid!" Belle grunted.  "Not to be carted around the ship at random and force fed fruit!  There's no telling what a change in her diet will do to her stomach!"

	"Yeesh.  Chillax, chestnut!"  Zaid remarked in a drawling tone.  "She isn't exactly getting any better in that sarcophagus of a room you keep her in!"

	Belle stared daggers his way.  "Are you insinuating that I don't know how to take care of her?!" she spat.

	Zaid tongued the inside of his mouth, eventually murmuring, "Ya think... uhhh... that maybe I should be?"

	Belle fumed and fumed some more.  At last, she stomped away with Kera in tow.

	"Y'know, Belle, the girl used to eat grasshoppers and dodge chaos snakes.  I think she can handle a tasty grape or two—"

	"Kera is not the girl we used to know!" Belle threw angrily over her shoulder.  "And until you're sharp enough to realize that, Zaid, I don't want you anywhere near her!"

	"Belle, c'monnnn!  I was just—"

	"I mean it!  Stay away!"  Belle was hollering from halfway down the hall at this point.  It only took three more heavy steps, and she was inside her quarters, slamming the door shut behind her.  She stood there, breathing heavily.  After a half-minute, she calmed down, knelt by the bedside, and lay Kera down again.

	She pulled a blanket over the filly's tattooed body.  Kera stared at belle... through her.  The mare reached a hoof over and stroked her mane.  As the seconds wore on, so did Belle's resolve.  Her eyes glistened, and by the time her muzzle twisted in a sob, she had buried her face into the mattress beside Kera, crying in tiny little salvos of bitter breath.



	"So... uh..."  Eagle Eye leaned forward.  "What do you think it means?"

	"Shhhh!" Props hissed, tweaking and adjusting the dials of her communication array.

	Eagle gulped, then leaned towards Ebon.  "Hey... what do you think she thinks it means?

	"To be perfectly frank?"  Ebon shrugged.  "We're probably not alone out here."

	"You mean over the Frozen Sea?" Eagle asked.  "Who else would be dumb enough to get stranded out here in the middle of the Spark-forsaken cold?"

	"Pizz Fah Wizz!"  Props jumped in place.  "I knew it I knew it I knew it!"

	"Mind telling us the it that you know?"

	"I only got it for a second—like a ghost signal—but I'd recognize that frequency in my sleep!  Heck—while doing backflips in my sleep!"  Props spun, her cheek rosy as the edges of her happy bright eyes glistened.  "It's just gotta be him!  Him and nopony else!"

	
		//------------------------------//
		// The Two Ponies You Slap		//------------------------------//

	"So..."  Rainbow Dash's voice droned.  She blinked, turning to glance at Props from across the engine room.  "Where's the signal?"

	"It was crackling like crazy earlier!"  Props sing-songed, hopping in place while Ebon and Eagle looked on.  "For two minutes solid!"

	"For two minutes solid..."  Rainbow squinted.  "Crackling?  Doesn't sound like much of a signal to me."

	"But it totally was!"  Props grinned.  "And I could recognize the frequency in a heartbeat!  Nopony but my own genuine Uncle Prowse could possibly broadcast it!  It's his radio signature from across the waters!  I know it!"

	Rainbow Dash's muzzle scrunched and unscrunched.  She trotted quietly across the engine compartment, her eyes locked on the communications array.  After an extraordinarily long pause, her voice unenthusiastically muttered, "And you detected this how long ago?"