Steam billowed from the layers of muck as if the dreaded slime positively melted from the presence of the blade.  "Grnnghhh--It's like mowing the lawn in Tartarus!"

	Panting, Pilate turned around and aimed his helm towards the exit behind them.  All of the changelings were gone, and his ears echoed with the pounding salvos of Rainbow's sword-swinging charge.  "The shapeshifters..."  He gulped.  "They've all vanished."

	"Grnngh... that's a g-good thing..."  Rainbow swung and swung.

	"Is it possible that you reached all of them?" Pilate remarked.  "Every single one?"

	"Mrmmff... well... every one around here," Rainbow panted.  "I'll bet you a daisy sandwich that Queen Criminal is still chilling all the way in Val Roa, untouched."

	"Then... then perhaps the change is temporary?"

	"I dunno.  I hope not."

	"So many shape-shifters... and you affected a good bulk of them at once.  I wonder if that includes many of them east of here--"

	"Y'know, Pilate, th-this spelunking would be a lot easier if I had your help in the here-and-now."

	"What's to h-help?!" He spun to face her, his muzzle scrunched beneath the helm.  "You seem to have a firm grip on things--"

	Right as he said that, a body emerged from the slime puddles to his right.

	Rainbow spun with a gasp.  "Behind you!"

	"Gah!"  Pilate snapped to it, swinging his Lounge staff in time to uppercut the approaching pegasus.

	Rainbow Dash promptly slid in with a downswing of the Sword of Solstice.  In a blink, the creature dissolved, its muck evaporating along with its entrails.

	PIlate shuddered, stumbling back a step and a half.  "Great Sp-Spark!  It came out of nowhere!"

	"Yes, well, nowhere happens to be the place we're headed," Rainbow said between strained breaths.  "I'm gonna need your one hundred and ten percent, buddy."

	"Sorry, it's just that--"

	"Out of your element?"  Rainbow swung to take out another lunging zombie.  Thwack!

	"Yes.  I must agree, an abysmal charge into the heart of a slimy undead coven isn't exactly my usual afternoon activity."

	"Well, live and learn, Pilate.  Here's something you can weave stories about to your smexical striped grandfoals."

	"How in Spark's name did Hurricane even fight her way to the control room?"

	"That's a darn good question.  Something tells me you and I are about to find out."  Rainbow Dash hoofed the sword over to Pilate.  "Here.  Hold this."

	"M-me?!"  Pilate tucked his staff away and nervously gripped the golden sword.  "But... b-but what about you?!"

	"I'm going to be doing the awesome part."  She gripped Pilate's shoulders from behind.  "There's no time to be delicate about this.  Time isn't exactly batting for our team at the moment."

	Pilate gulped.  "Rainbow, are you sure we're cut out for doing this on our lonesome?"

	"Dude... a mare carrying a blind zebra with blood-vision and carrying a burning golden sword?"  Rainbow's flapping wings took them both off the ground.  "There's no other way to do this.  Now--whatever you do--don't drop the darn thing!"

	"I swear, Rainbow, you have too much faith in--"  Pilate gasped as the two blurred ahead on Rainbow's gliding feathers.  "--meeeeeeeeee!"

	"Less doubting and more zombie slashing!"  As Rainbow shouted, the two mercilessly carved their way down the tunnel and towards the pit below.  The sheer heat and aura of the Sword of Solstice in Pilate's grasp caused a continuous swath of granite to be cleared through the sea of purple muck, and despite the floundering undead pony or two, there was no sign that the bubbling substance was about to coagulate back together anytime soon.  "Thatta zebra!  We're going for the gold!"

	"If you insist!"  And the two ducked down beyond the light from the outside world.

	Half a minute passed...

	A figure slinked down into the doorframe of the Urohringr passage.  Carefully navigating the trench through the muck that the two equines had carved, the shadow scurried on four limbs, swiftly making its way to the pit's edge.  Once there, it paused to survey the 