drop, swishing a reptilian tail left and right before ultimately plunging with wild abandon.
		//------------------------------//
		// Take Off or Shove Off		//------------------------------//

	With bright spurts of crimson manaflare, three cloaked figures descended on a temple floating along the far side of the maelstrom.  Two landed nimbly while a third collapsed, panting through his silver mask.

	"Do not embrace weakness, brother," one of the standing figures said to the one on the ground.  "Razzar needs our unwavering courage.  Especially now." 

	The third figure stood up on wobbly knees.  "Praise Quezaat... I did not think our packs would have the fuel for that last trip."

	"It matters little.  This place presents new danger.  We need air superiority again."

	One figure spoke into his wrist communicator.  "Vaughan, we have arrived, brother.  Razzar remains on the central structure.  We need to rendezvous with him as soon as possible."

	Silence... save for the constant hush of rain.

	"Vaughan.  Come in, brother.  Are you there?

	"We landed on the right platform, did we not?  Shouldn't the ship be here?"

	"And it is," another said, gesturing past a throng of granite columns.  "Look."  The three masked reptiles gazed upon the glossy, bulbously shape vessel parked amidst the debris.  "It lies dormant."

	"As Razzar commands it."

	"I mean all of its lights are off.  I detect no power from within the vessel whatsoever."

	"Perhaps it is for the best."  One Lounge member trotted forward, approaching the starboard side of the vessel.  "Those vicious creatures are out there, and unnatural lights might attract them."

	"All the better for us to take off and assist in our brother in need."

	"I whole-heartedly agree.  Vaughan!" One figure snarled into his communicator.  "Show yourself!  This is urgent!

	POW!  A stream of crimson energy flew in from behind, ricocheting off the Lounge's wrist and disentigrating his communicator.

	"Aaugh!"

	The other two spun, unholstering their weapons—

	P-POW!  A figure squatting in the shadows fired a manarifle again.

	One reptile was knocked back to the ground while the other had his weapon melted within a blink.  He hissed in pain, being forced to drop the pistol.

	"How good of you breeders to finally join me," the figure from the shadow droned.

	The naga on the ground sat up with a rattling mask.  "Vaughan?!  Is that you, brother?!"

	"No, brother.  And yet... yes..."  The figure stepped forward and peeled its mask off.  Roarke's scowling face glared at them.  Moisture clung to her eye-lenses as she said, "Our romp through the clouds is over.  However, I need you for one last task."

	"One last task...?

	Another reptile shook his fist and snarled. "We will not follow the rules of a scale-less pony—"  An energy blast burned the hood off his cloak.  He shrieked with a shrill breath and struggled to cover his exposed scales.

	"Quite frankly, I don't need all three of you alive.  So don't tempt me anymore than you already have..."  Roarke cocked her rifle.  "Razzar's stayed behind where the monsters are spawning, yes?"

	The other two naga slowly, slowly nodded.

	"Somehow, I'm not surprised."  She tapped a button at the waist of her cloak.

	With swirling bands of amber light, the Lounge's skystone ship came alive.  Its forward dome rolled back, exposing the interior platform and the entrance beyond.

	"Get on board," Roarke grunted, waving with her rifle.  "Our business in Stratopolis isn't over."

	While two naga nervously scampered on board, the third who struggled with his hood glanced down to scowl at the bounty hunter.  "Quezaat frowns on you for this deception, Vaughan."

	"The name is Roarke Most Rare," she grunted, training the rifle's sight on his chest.  "If you like, I'll carve that into your corpse's chest, and we'll see how happy that makes your bashful lizard god."



	"Again!" Prowse shouted.

	"Nnngh!"  Props yanked a lever along the far end of the Tarkington's engine room.

	The mana cr