ystals on the center dais pulsed with purple light, fluctuated, and faded.  All was dark once more in the center of the rain-pelted ship.

	"Bollocks!" Prowse spat, hobbling over on his prosthetic.  "I don't bloody understand!  The crystals are fully charged!  They should provide plenty of power!"

	"Uhhhh..."  Props glanced over nervously.  "Unky Prowsy?"

	"Thrust the lever again!  Better yet!  Let me do it—"  He moved to shove her out of the way.

	But Props shoved back.  "Hey!  Cool your sexy head!"

	"We c-can't fail now!" Prowse spat.  "I promised Aatxe that I'd fly the survivors to safety on this hunk-o-junk!  I won't let the lad down!"

	"And you're not gonna!" Props slid her goggles up and gazed at his eyes.  "We just gotta go about it more gently, is all!"

	"Say what, lass?!"

	She smiled.  "I know it sounds crazy, especially for you, Unky Prowsy, but there's a lot to be said about delicate engine work."

	Prowse squinted at her.  "Who are you and what have you done with my niece?"

	"Shhhh..."  She tapped his stubbly chin and backtrotted to the lever array.  "Just watch!"  Taking a deep breath, she gripped the lever, counted down to herself, and gave it a yank.

	Sparks flew.  The crystals fluctuated once more, their purple light intensifying and fading within seconds.

	Before Prowse could say anything, Props was diving across the room, sliding to a stop beneath the center dais.  Using her teeth, she yanked a panel open, reached in, and pulled out a cluster of wires.  She detached a few of them, sweating from the supremely intricate work.

	Gradually, the manacrystals stopped dimming.  The mana conduits weren't overloading this time.  Finally, as the light became a constant glow, Props reattached the wires with a splash of tiny sparks.  Holding her breath, she scurried back over to the wall, retracted the lever, then pulled it back halfway.

	Whirrrrrrrrr-Crk-Crk-Crk-VRMMMMMM!!!

	The lights of every console flashed on throughout the ship.  The Tarkington came to life, its engine maintaining a constant hum.

	"Bloody hell..."  Prowse grinned wide.  "Where'd you learn to operate like that!"

	Props hopped up with a bright smile.  "Nancy Jane's smile!"

	"I beg your pardon?"

	"Uhm..."  Props rubbed one leg with another, blushing.  "It's a long story."  She gulped.  "And most times a sweaty one."

	"Hey Blondie!"  From outside, Josho's voice could be heard shouting, "Are we a go, yet?!"

	"Rest your bulging flank, ya tyke!" Prowse hollered in Props' place.  "We still gotta test the main control system—"

	"Buck that!  It's now or never!"

	"Look, ya trigger happy buffoon!  You can't rush this—"

	"A new wave of those freaks is coming!  Our window has come and gone!"

	To that, Props gasped with wide, glistening eyes.
		//------------------------------//
		// At the Speed of Spit		//------------------------------//

	While Seclorum and Arcshod continued filing distressed ponies on board the Tarkington, Josho rushed towards the platform's edge, armed with his shotgun.  He stared through the rainwater with twitching eyes, spotting a dense field of undead creatures swooping down from a higher elevation.

	Bellesmith lingered near the airship's entrance along with Elma.  "Is it a large group of them?!"

	"'Large' doesn't even begin to describe it," Josho said with an inward snarl.  He squatted behind an overturned chunk of debris and aimed his shotgun high.  "I think I can take a good number of them out, but the wave's too thick.  They'll overrun me in seconds."

	"Then we'll drag Prowse out!" Seclorum exclaimed.  "His weapon can level out a whole column of them!  Easily!"

	"Just tell Props to stick to the engine!  More than anything, we gotta get off this rock in order to—"

	"Blessed Spark!"  Belle shrieked.  "Josho, look!"

	"Huh?!  I'm looking already!"

	"No no no!"  Belle seethed, pointing towards the other edge of the temple.  "Three o'clock!  Down low!"

	Josho swiveled to look.  He did a double-take.  Another wave of undead pegasi w