ere zooming in from a completely different altitude.  "Ledo covered in chocolate..."

	"It's even bigger than the other group!" Belle exclaimed.

	"Don't look now," Seclorum grumbled, glancing towards the rear of the temple.  Two small pockets of pegasi flew in from rain-soaked clouds.  "But they've got the drop on us from behind too."

	"Xon..." Arcshod exhaled.

	"We... we can still do this," Josho stammered, fidgeting in place.  "Arcshod..."  He spun with a frown.  "Arcshod, ya tattooed elephant!  Get your Queen out!  Between her and Prowse—"

	"It's too late!" Belle winced, clinging hard to Elma as she cowered against the Tarkington's hull.  "They're here!"

	Seclorum whipped out his crossbow—only to blink stupidly at the complete lack of crossbolts.  "...well, it was a good run."

	"Dammit..."  Josho popped out from hiding, spinning about in a literal circle as he trained his shotgun from one group to another.  "Dammit, it can't end like this!  We were almost free!"

	The shrieking cries of the winged ponies broke through the thunder as they descended on the temple from all sides.

	Belle closed her eyes, gnashing her teeth.  "I'll love you always, Pilate—"

	With a banshee wail, the first wave of pegasi soared in... only to dissolve to a pulp from a bright flash of mana.

	Josho's eyes twitched.  Suddenly, from the left, a massive vessel emerged through the rain clouds on rumbling engines.  Lightning flashed, illuminating the majestic hull of the Noble Jury as it wedged itself between the temple and the incoming waves of undead.  The ship twirled to a stop like a sled grinding against gray snow.  Standing on the open rainswept deck was Floydien, and he was in the process of unleashing wave after wave of furious mana from his antlers.

	"Spit out your own organs, you flying boomer burps!" the elk howled, eliminating half-a-dozen creatures in a single discharge.  "Unbirth your cruddy selves to ash ash!"

	Josho ducked as an errant beam of energy branched off the latest volley and missed his horn by a hair.  "Dammit, Floydien, you beautiful beautiful manure machine!"

	"Floydien?!" Seclorum sputtered as he and Arcshod squatted to the side.  "What in the Hell is that thing?!"

	"Beastly sex with a red nose!  That's what!" Josho said with a wicked sneer.  He heard shrieks from behind, spun about, and aimed his shotgun at a rushing wave of undead.

	A metal steam pipe flew down from the sky and impacted the skulls of two pegasi.

	Josho gasped, looking up as a lavender shape leapt from the Noble Jury's deck.  Eagle Eye plunged through the rain, his silhouette showing in a streak of lightning.  "Yaaaaaaaugh!"  He came down, crushing his way through another pegasus with a square metal crate lid for a shield.  Immediately hopping up, he spun and uppercutted another creature with a levitating pipe-swing, shattering the attack in seconds.

	"Eagle Eye!" Josho growled out the side of his muzzle.  He spun and fired into a wave of pegasi with his shotgun while Floydien single-hoofedly covered the other side.  "You're alive!  I could kiss you!"

	"You're even fatter when you lie," Eagle hissed before deflecting the charge of another monster.  "Hrnnnngh—Raugh!"  He knocked the creature back.

	Josho exploded its head all over the temple's edge and stood—heaving—by Eagle's side as they faced the next wave.  "Seriously, seeing you alive just gave me a second wind."

	"Good..."  Eagle shook the rain out of his soaked mane and eyed the vulture-circles of enemies.  "Then don't break it."

	"If you're down here and Floydien's doing the fireworks show on the top deck..."  Josho glanced up at the rain-slick windshield of the hovering ship.  "...then who in the heck is piloting the thing?"

	"Zaid."

	"Zaid?!"  Josho gnashed his teeth.  "Great Ledo, it is the apocalypse."

	"Somepony you know, old friend?" Seclorum shouted.

	"Secchy, I'd like you to meet my daughter."

	"H-huh?!"  Eagle Eye blinked awkwardly.

	"EE!" Belle pointed with a shout.  "For Spark's sake—"

	