"Darn it!" Eagle Eye spun and deflected a zombie's dive at the last second.  "Grrnnngh!"

	"Hah hah hah hah!" Josho cackled, wide eyed.  "I think we have what it takes now!"

	"Don't spit all over it!" Floydien howled from the top deck.  He blasted another wave of winged bogeys and spun to frown at Bellesmith.  "You!  Beloved of stripe-stripes!  Get your flank Nancywise!  On the tick!"

	"R-right..."  Belle nodded with a nervous shudder.  "Come on, Elma..."
		//------------------------------//
		// Regarding the Failure to Launch		//------------------------------//

	"I got it..."  Props stammered, her goggles reflecting the bright glow of the manacrystal in its new power housing.  "I th-think I got it!"

	"Brill, Propsicle!" Prowse shouted above the noise of the Tarkington's rumbling engine.  "Just in the nick of time too!"

	"We gotta get this thing into the air!"  Props flinced at the dull reverberation of pegasus bodies colliding with the outer hull.  "These survivors have spent enough time freaking out!"

	"Right!  Let me just adjust the auxiliary output—"

	"Nnnngh!"  Props shoved the stallion across the room with a remarkable show of strength.  The blonde mare snarled into his face.  "You get your handsome keister to the cockpit! I have things taken care of here!"

	"But... but..."

	"Do it now or else I'll bolt your remaining legs to the bulkheads!"  She blinked, suddenly blushing.  "Uhm... please?"

	Prowse blinked, then smiled awkwardly.  "Yes, ma'am."  He spun and hobbled out the engine room.  Threading through seated and trembling ponies, Prowse galloped the full length of the Tarkington.  "Look out!  Coming through!  Move your bloomin' arses!"  He breezed past Lasairfion and her subjects, a cluster of Ledomaritans, and finally landed in the ship's one-seat cockpit at the far end.  "Time to take to the skies, lasses and laddies!"  He flipped several instruments and pulled twin levers, powering up the rear thrusters of the craft.  Tilting his head back, he shouted over his shoulder.  "Anypony with the bollocks to be fighting those freaks outside..."



	"...now is an awfully good time to give it a rest and throw yourself on board!"  Prowse's voice echoed through the open doorframe.  "We're kissing this temple good bye!"

	"That's our ride, Arcshod!"  Seclorum shouted above the criss-crossing projectiles and energy blasts.  "All aboard who's coming aboard!"

	"Dreit dreit..."  Arcshod smashed one last pegasus' skull in with a tossed chunk of granite.  Sweating, he spun and galloped on heavy hooves towards the Tarkington's door.  Seclorum followed after him, trotting backwards.  "Josho?!  Old stallion?!  You coming?"

	"Sorry, Secchy," Josho grunted as he reloaded his shotgun and shuffled towards the Noble Jury.  "But there's a new mistress in my life!  And her name's Nancy!"

	"You could at least be subtle about it," Eagle Eye stammered while fending off a pegasus with his metal shield replacement.

	"And you could learn to shriek less."

	"Huh?  Aaaaaaiiieeeee!" Eagle Eye squealed like a little filly as he was picked up in Josho's telekinetic field and tossed onto the Noble Jury.

	"Go time, ya space elk!"  Josho hollered as he threw his heavy self after Eagle Eye and abandoned the temple.  "Vacation's over!"

	"You hear that, hollow boomer?!" Floydien shouted to the cockpit as he fended off a retaliating wave of undead.  "Just like Floydien showed you!  Drift drift and glimmer zoom!"



	"Aye, your red-nosedness!"  Zaid grinned from ear to ear as he yanked at the Noble Jury's controls.  Behind him, Floydien, Eagle Eye, and Josho gripped to the top deck as he veered the ship away from the temple in a turbulent hover.  "Props and the other ponies on board the sausagemobile had better catch up, though!"

	"She'll get them into the air!" Eagle Eye's voice sputtered into the hurricane winds.  "They're in the best possible hooves!"

	"The sexiest too, depending on whose team you're rooting for!"  Zaid turned around and shouted down the crawlspace.  "Belle, how're yo