u doing down there, girl?!"

	"Just fine, Zaid...!"



	Bellesmith crawled down the last rung of the ladder while Elma clung to her back.  She gulped and continued, "Just keep doing what you're doing!"

	Her eyes remained locked on the observation room.  Gently, she laid Elma down on the floor within the doorframe and rushed forward.  She reached her hooves into a hammock and scooped Kera out.  Her eyes instantly teared up as she leaned in and nuzzled the dormant child.  With a hissing inhale, she broke into a fragile smile, caressing the filly's mane.

	"You're so brave, Kera.  I'm sorry.  All this time... all the things I did..." She rubbed her cheek against the child's.  "I'm sorry.  Things will be different.  I promise.  You'll..."  She sniffled, smiling painfully.  "You'll get to see your daddy again.  I can guarantee it.  I can..."

	Her chestnut eyes drifted up.  She stared out the shattered observation room window with a moist blink.

	Outside and below, the Tarkington hadn't lifted off.  It continued lying on its side atop the temple, swarmed by zombie pegasi.  Its engines flickered and sputtered, but the vessel didn't move an inch.

	"Why hasn't it taken off yet...?" Bellesmith murmured.



	"Rainbow, c-could you slow down a little—?!"

	"No can do, buddy!"  Rainbow hissed as she squeezed the two of them through the tunnel at the bottom of the pit.  The two zoomed past the petrified plant in the chamber full of vines and dripping muck.  "This city's got a one-way ticket to oblivion and you and me are the sole conductors!"

	"Look out, Rainbow!" Pilate exclaimed, his helm buzzing.  "Above us—"

	"I see it!" Rainbow said, then spun upside down so that the zebra was aimed at the dropping goo.  "Sword out!"

	"Ah—Spark!"  Pilate winced, nervously slash-slashing the golden weapon left and right.  Thanks to the way Rainbow positioned him, he successfully evaporated the muck before it could cascade over them.

	"Good job!  But the icky part is coming up next!"

	"H-huh?!" He tilted his head upside down and gazed at the narrow corridor ahead.  "Oh, heavens, no..."

	Rainbow spotted gurgling pegasi emerging from the gunk in her peripheral.  "We gotta make this quick.  Hold onto your stripes!"  Hooking her wings in opposite angles, she threw the two of them into a maddening spin.

	"Guhhhh!" Pilate focused entirely on gripping the Sword of Solstice.  Together, the two mimicked a fiery golden pinwheel as they soared into the curved, descending tunnel.  Like a drill, they burned and melted all of the purple slime that coated the dark, twisting stairwell.  Several agonizing seconds later, they emerged into the chamber where the hellish nightmare started.  Here, a virtual sea of purple goop awaited them, with several winged bodies leaping out and hissing.

	"Time for the main event!"  Rainbow Dash held her breath and spun a low orbit through the claustrophobic room, barely avoiding the ring of holes where more and more rivers of ooze fountained loose.  "Just slash anything that moves!  Unless, of course, it's rainbow colored and attached to me!"

	"Not... m-making... this any... easier!" Pilate sputtered between sword slashes.  One pegasus after another dissolved into ashen bits from the weapon's golden fury.  "Rainbow, we c-can't be doing this forever!"

	"Well, I sure can!"

	"I'm serious!  Our goal is the control room!" the zebra exclaimed, pointing at the center of the purple sea with his sword.  "Access to that was on the central dais—the one Razzar touched when he summoned this nightmare in the first place!"

	"Right.  And now we got the key to getting to that place unscathed!  Got it!"  Rainbow flipped, dodged two lunging pegasi, and came back around to the center of the room.  "Okie dokie lokie!  Let's make ourselves an island!"

	"And h-how do we do that?!"

	"I dunno.  Be awesome!  It works for me!"

	"Uhhhh..."

	Rainbow panted, glancing out her peripheral vision as shadows closed in on all sides.  "Now or never, robo-zebra!"

	"Grrrr-Raaaaaaaugh!"  P