ilate lunged forward in her grasp, striking the sword down so that it stabbed half of its length into the quivering muck.  Rivulets of energy fountained outward from the stabbing point.  The purple ooze dissovled to ashen flakes, like dead skin.  Emerging through the pool was a raised platform with a cylindrical podium and a lever.  Within seconds, the Sword of Solstice had burned away enough slime to allow standing room.

	"Perfect!  You're the stallion of the hour!"  With that said, Rainbow dropped Pilate.

	"Gaaah!"  The stallion awkwardly stumbled to a stop, his sweat-slick back braced against the cylinder.  Rainbow flew past him in a prismatic streak, illuminated by her pendant.

	"The sword!  Alley-oop!"  She stretched her hooves out.

	Without a second thought, Pilate tossed the blade towards the convergence of red-and-black crosshatches that signified her figure.

	She caught the blade's hilt in her teeth and immediately spiraled around in her circular orbit. "Nnnngh-ghhhh!"  A wider space in the floor was melted away, giving Pilate more breathing room.  Rainbow spat the sword out and gripped it in the crooks of both hooves.  "Okay!  You do your awesome skystone voodoo while I hold off all this crud!"

	"I... I'm not entirely sure how!"

	"Gnnngh!  Y-you mean Roarke never told you?!"

	"She told me what to do once we got to the control room!  But opening the last door to it—"

	"Just think at something!  You're good at the thinking!  Me?"  Rainbow continued hacking and slashing at the muck.  "Grnnngh!  I'm a bit busy with pulverising!"

	"Right!  Just hang on!"  Pilate squirmed, ultimately gripping the lever on the center cylinder and struggling with it.  "Nnnngh... I... I-I got this!"

	"Dang straight, you do!"  Rainbow spun and slashed a pegasus down the center before the slime-coated thing had a chance to pounce on the both of them.  "Hey, pretties!  How about a taste of summer?!  Yaaaugh!"



	"I don't get it..."  Zaid sputtered out the side of his muzzle as he flew a slow orbit around the temple.  His eyes remained glued on the Tarkington beyond the Noble Jury's windshield.  "Why aren't they going zoom-zoom?"

	"Don't spit like Floydien in the company of Nancy," the elk in question said as he marched up and practically threw Zaid out the seat with one cloven hoof.  "Everything gold and gliding, yes yes yes?"

	"No no no!"  Zaid picked himself off the floor and pointed out the windshield.  "They're stuck like ducks in muck!"

	"Poetic," Josho grunted as he and Eagle Eye marched inside the cockpit from the wet deck outside.  "For real, though, what gives?"

	"Isn't Props on board, helping them?" Eagle Eye squeaked, breathless.

	"They must be having trouble," Josho mumbled.  "Poor Aatxe's ship hasn't flown in years.  Who's to know how much dust is crammed up that vessel's plot."

	"We g-gotta help them!" Eagle stammered.

	"How?"  Josho frowned.  "They've got all the juice and juju they could possibly need!"

	"Well, Floydien thinks the glimmer is not enough..."

	"Come on... come on, blondie," Zaid shook his hooves, biting his lip in tension.



	"Propsicle?!"  Prowse yanked and yanked at the controls of the Tarkington.  The engines of the ship sputtered and roared and sputtered again, sending dull reverberations down the body of the dormant craft.  Behind the pilot's seat, several survivors murmured and trembled in panic.  "Propsicle, now would be a good time, lass!"

	Props' voice shouted down the long corridor from the engine room.  "I'm giving her all she's got!  But she won't take off!"

	Arcshod sweatily stammered, "V'lanna'siul messul nessa'keen thiul spaana'keem!"

	Seclorum galloped past him.  "The sound's coming from the rear!"  He leaned against the back of Prowse's pilot's chair.  "It's gotta be the take-off thrusters.  After all these years, they must be burnt out."

	"If that's the case, then we can't take off, no matter how much raw power my niece channels into the manacircuits."

	"So what do we do?" Seclorum sputtered.

	Prowse loo