ked over his shoulder at him and the other ponies.  "Hypothetically, unicorn magic can set off the thrusters with a spark, but..."

	"Lemme guess..."  Seclorum's eyes narrowed.  "That's gotta be done on the outside."

	Prowse bit his lip.

	Seclorum took a deep, deep breath.  "Well, it's not like I was going to live forever."

	"Huh?" Prowse blinked.

	Seclorum turned and gestured towards the door.  "Somepony open it up again!  I feel like going for a stroll—"

	"Grnnngh!"  Arcshod slapped Seclorum's hoof away and glared the stallion down.  "Haak'tin!  N'mberaat siul rekka siulen drenn'adrentte!"

	"Love you to, ya big lug," Seclorum droned, then brushed past him.  "But this has gotta be done.  It's not like we have any more miracles to rely on—"

	Just then, the entire ship shook.  Everypony gasped—including Seclorum—as the vessel jolted forward, then jolted forward again.  Even Lasairfion blinked with wide-eyed surprise.

	"What in the bloody hell...?!" Prowse stammered.

	Props' voice rang through the ship.  "We're moving!  We're taking off!"

	"Yeah... but..."  Seclorum spun towards one of the many portholes, squinting at the gray world outside.  "How...?"



	"They're moving!"  Eagle Eye hopped up and down with a bright smile.  "They're moving they're moving they're moving!"

	"What in the spit spit...?" Floydien's red eyes twitched.

	"Did blondie pull through?" Josho asked.

	Zaid smirked wide and pointed out the Noble Jury's windshield.  "I'll give ya six little hints."

	Everypony craned their necks to see.  At the rear of the Tarkington, a half-dozen black bodies were pressed against the stern.  With buzzing dragonfly wings, changelings heaved and heaved, shoving the vessel forward until it slipped clear of the temple.  Once airborne, the thrusters sputtered to life—glowing a hot orange.  The ship raised up, and several more changelings flew in from the misty clouds, giving the vessel extra lift as its engines adjusted to the slow, cruising flight.



	Inside the Tarkington, Seclorum stepped slowly back from one porthole.

	Through the glass panel, a pair of changelings flew parallel to the ship.  One of them glanced over, making eye contact with the former enforcer.  In a flash of green light, Aatxe's face stared, smiled, then reverted back to an insectoid slate.  The two changelings veered off, joining a dense formation that dodged and outran the rampant flocks of undead also populating the clouds of Stratopolis.

	For the time being, the Tarkington was in flight... and safe.  Several ponies exhaled and cooed with relief, hugging each other and chuckling with tears of joy.  A few of them clapped their hooves against the bulkheads in subtle applause.

	Arcshod exhaled heavily, turning to smile at his equally relieved Queen.  Props' cheering voice could be heard from the engine room in the back.

	Prowse smirked, gripping the controls with a hoof and a prosthetic limb, guiding it alongside the Noble Jury in a smoothe hover.  He glanced once over his shoulder, directing his voice at Seclorum.  "What do you think about shape shifters now, eh, laddie?"

	Seclorum shuddered, falling back on his haunches.  "Eh... they're still flank-fuggly..."  A small smile.
		//------------------------------//
		// Oh Please, Not This Again		//------------------------------//

	Bellesmith shuddered with relief as she stared out the open windows of the Observation Room.  She saw the Tarkington take off from the temple where it had previously been stranded.  The vessel reeled about, gliding sideways through the clouds until it ascended to a position along the Noble Jury's side.

	The mare leaned in, nuzzling Kera's green, rain-slicked mane.  She heard a clatter of hooves and glanced behind her.

	Zaid climbed down the crawlspace and landed in the doorframe beside Elma. He saw Belle and stood in place.

	The mare smiled tearfully.  She squeezed Kera in her grasp and murmured, "Thank you... thank you for keeping her safe..."

	"Hey..."  Zaid shrugged with a smirk.  He s