poke above the noisy wind, "I have respect for little bundles of cuddle drool, seeing as I tend to be one myself from time to time, especially when I dream of grilled cheese—" He bumped into a dazed changeling and glanced down at it.  "Hello!" He flinched, blinking.  "And who might you be when you're at home?"

	"Zaid, that's... uh..."  Belle gulped.  "That's Elma Boreal."

	"Yeah, no shit?" Zaid smiled.  He turned.  He looked past Belle, and his face paled.  "Oh shit..."

	"...?"  Belle turned and looked directly into the ooze-spitting maw of a zombie pegasus.  She fell back with a shriek, clutching Kera to her fuzzy chest.

	The creature had wedged itself midway through the bars of the shattered observation window.  What's more, it wasn't alone.  Two more had flown up from the lower clouds and were struggling to squeeze through the circular metal frame.  Their bones crunched and their flesh peeled as they wriggled their way further and further into the Noble Jury's interior.  Soon, feathers and puddles of lavender muck rolled onto the lower bulkheads.  All the while, more and more undead buzzed around the windy air immediately outside the ship's bow.

	"Th-they must have swarmed us while the Tarkington took off!" Belle exclaimed.  She scampered to her hooves with Kera in her grasp and backtrotted to the doorframe.  "Blessed Spark, I had n-no idea they could be so quiet!"

	"Who's judging them?!" Zaid exclaimed.  "Just run and get yourself to the rear of the ship!"  He called up the crawlspace.  "Eagle!  Josho!  We have a problem!"

	Belle's eyes were locked on the ooze pooling across the floor of the observation room.  "Oh no... oh no no no no no no no!"

	"What is it?!"

	"It's too late!" She grimaced.  "Their essence has invaded the Jury!  They'll be spawning from the inside now!"

	"The heck do you mean?"  As Zaid saw that, he heard a sickening crunch noise—like cockroach shells breaking in the night—and he turned to see a slimy equine shape emerging from an impossibly thin pool of muck.  "Ohhhhhhhhh-ho-ho-ho-ho that is the ickest!"

	Josho descended the crawlspace, followed by Eagle Eye.  "Ledo fluff it, Zaid, what's with all the commotion—whoah dayum!"

	"How?!" Eagle's voice cracked as he shivered against the doorframe, pupils twitching.  "How did they even?!"

	"Never mind how!"  Belle shouted, gazing wide-eyed at the others.  "We gotta get them out before they infect the whole ship!"

	"I thought you said it was too late!" Zaid said.

	"We have to do something!"

	"EE...?"  Josho rushed forward.

	"Oh jeez..."  Eagle scampered by Josho's side.  "Oh jeez oh jeez oh jeez..."

	"Let's try combining our magic fields," Josho snarled, already illuminating his horn and aiming it at the purple-stained window.  "Maybe we can sweep all the gunk out."

	Eagle gulped, glowing his horn as well.  "You really think so?"

	"No.  But let's try it anyways."

	"What in the spit is going on down there?!" Floydien's voice hollered.

	"Uhhhh... just a sec, sexy!"  Zaid spun and kicked-kicked-kicked at a hammock's support beam on the starboard side.  "Gnnngh!"  Crack!  He snapped the long bar loose and gripped it in the crook of one hoof.  "You keep doing your voodoo, dudes!"  He rushed forward and started stabbing at the necks and muzzles of the hissing pegasi.  "I'll hold the mouth breathers back in the meantime!"

	"Zaid, d-don't!" Belle winced.  "For Spark's sake!  They'll reel you in!  Don't let them touch you!  Nnnngh!"  Nostrils flaring, she gently laid Kera down besides Elma, yanked another bar loose from where Zaid had kicked the bulkhead, and rushed to his side.  "Here!  I'll give you cover!"

	"Could r-really use your David Clopperfield trick right about now, g-guys!" Zaid sputtered.

	"Working on it..." Josho hissed with a sweating face.

	"Your leyline is breaking, old stallion," Eagle Eye stammered.  "You have to concentrate better!"

	"You're the one with the weak field!  I'm giving it my all!"

	"Dudes, this isn't a contest!"

	"Zaid!  Your left side!"