

	"I see it!  Guhh!  If only Khao could see me now, fighting licorice monsters with a pole!"

	"There're more of them flying up!"

	"For Spark's sake, concentrate!"

	"I'm trying!"

	"Floydien!  Keep her steady, for the love of all that's holy!"

	Meanwhile, Elma stared sideways, her face lying against the floor.  She blinked, her green eyes twitching as she watched the panicked scene unfold.  Despite the best efforts of the Jurists, the purple muck crept further and further into the Observation Room, consuming the hull of the ship from the inside out at a dramatic rate.

	Just then, green columns of steam billowed from the corners of Elma's optics.  She gasped, her face gaining tattoos and losing them in a blink.  Biting her lip, she rolled over, staring at Kera's dormant figure.

	The filly lay curled in a fetal position, her eyes forever gazing into some unseen abyss.  The cries and struggles of her closest companions fell on deaf ears.

	Elma's breaths came in short bursts.  She slowly reached a hoof out, caressing the foal's tattooed chin.  Belle's voice hollered once more, and the changeling flinched, glancing over at the dramatic struggle while Josho and Eagle Eye combined their magical telekineses.





	"Grrgggh!"  Rainbow Dash spun, effectively lopping off the skulls of three pegasi with a swing of the Sword of Solstice.  With a spare moment to breathe, she hovered in place, spitting the hilt of the sword out of her mouth so she could grip the thing in two hooves.  "Pilate, now would be a good time to start deus ex machining."

	"I've... b-been trying... to pull this lever every w-way I can!" The zebra sputtered, yanking hard on the device located at the top of the dank room's central cylinder.  "I refuse to believe that all it can d-do is summon the flying dead!"

	"You sure you're trying everything?"

	"Yes, Rainbow, confound it!"  Pilate snarled as shadows swam over him and the skystone fastened to his back.  "I swear, this is a dead end!"

	"Haaaugh!"  Rainbow skewered a shrieking pegasus and flung it back to the ooze-stained walls.  She turned back to him, panting.  "Okay, so maybe you're putting too much thought into it!"

	"Point being?!"

	"Duh.  You're a stallion."  She said, dodging a dollop of purple slime from the ceiling.  "Be bone-headed for once!"

	Pilate blinked, then blinked again.  "...Haaaaaaaaaaaugh!"  He thrusted his skull forward.  The helm head-butted the lever, snapping it down along the hinge of its fulcrum.  Clank!  Vrmmmmmmmm!  The cylinder rotated and sunk down into the center dais.  Suddenly, the circular floor where Pilate was situated sunk down one granite plank at a time until—at last—a twenty-foot wide platform lowered like an elevator into uncertain darkness.  "Uhmmm..."

	"Now that's the way to unthink!"  Rainbow grinned, then dove down towards the sinking platform.  "Step aside!  Quick!"

	"Gah!"  Pilate complied, stumbling.

	"Hnnnt!"  Rainbow stabbed the Sword of Solstice blade-first into the center of the lowering platform.

	An aura of blinding gold light emanated from the impact, melting away any residual slime clinging to the platform.  Even Pilate winced as his helm's sensors briefly fluctuated from the luminescent overload.

	When the pulse of light dimmed, the two found themselves descending a deep cylindrical shaft far below the dark heart of Stratopolis where the undead-fueling ooze originated.

	"So, where's that dang c-control room?" Rainbow stammered.

	"Rainbow, you feel that?"  Pilate panted as he stretched a hoof out.  He tilted his helm towards her.  "Air's rushing down with us—as if to fill a hollow space."  His muzzle curved slightly.  "I do believe the chamber Roarke spoke of awaits us!"

	"Well, neato keano.  Maybe we can take a photograph for her, since she sent us on a total death trip in the first place."

	"Rainbow, if it wasn't for her—"

	"I know, Pilate.  I get it.  This had to be done."  Rainbow glanced aside at the circular walls of granite sliding up past them.  "A part of me ki