

	"About a half hour!  I got you as quickly as I could!  Well.."  Props fidgeted, staring down at her hooves with a slight blush.  "To be honest, it took me twenty minutes of courage to interrupt you from your hammocking."

	"We basically kicked her in the flank," Ebon said with a wink.

	"Yeah, Rainbow."  Eagle nodded.  "We figured you needed to see this."

	Rainbow turned about, her eyes dull and jaded.  "What's there to see?"

	Eagle's and Ebon's ears drooped.

	"Uhm..."  Props bit her lip.  "It was the only signal that my array picked up in days..."

	"And yet it's somehow matching your Uncle's trademark frequency?  After all these months of being away from him?"

	"Uhhhh—"

	"Props..."  Rainbow Dash sighed.  "Have you stopped to consider that the only reason you know it to be Prowse's signature is because that's what you want it to be?"

	"But... but..."  Props' muzzle quivered as her eyes sparkled.  "It's him!  It h-has to be..."

	"Rainbow, what are you getting at?"  Eagle Eye trotted over to Props' side.  "We all know that Props is an expert on this stuff.  Why shoot her down?"

	"Was there a voice on the other end?" Rainbow asked with a raised eyebrow.  "Was there clear communication from a stallion fitting her Uncle's description?"

	"The signal came from ninety miles southeast!" Props exclaimed, leaning forward.  "That's a lot of room for interference!"

	"A lot more room for phantom noises, if you ask me," Rainbow said.

	"Rainbow, can't we just check it out?" Ebon asked.

	"No."  Rainbow frowned.  "We can't just check anything out.  We've been out here for a long time, and we're running out of resources as it is.  Now our goal is to head towards the Strip of Flurries, and we're going to need all the concentration we can get to pass on through it.  Any detour we take could put us behind, not to mention risk starving us completely."

	"I can draft a new ration, Rainbow!" Ebon said with a hopeful smirk.  "Josho may be ticked off, but so what?  He can survive off his body fat.  If this is indeed Prowse's Uncle trying to radio for help, then it'd be really stupid to not go and investigate!"

	"We know that he's headed this way, Rainbow," Eagle insisted.

	"No, we know that he's headed east.  No pony in their good minds would try to cross the Frozen Sea, which puts us in a far worse position than him."  Rainbow turned towards Props.  "I'm sorry, Props, but unless we get something on that array of yours that's actually concrete, I can't have us risking the crew unnecessarily."

	"But can't we just... I dunno... cruise by the source of what I picked up?  Please?"  Props fought the urge to grimace as she pleaded.  "If I could just see him again, it would be really, really, really super!  What's the harm in just making a quick flyby?"

	Rainbow frowned.  "There's every harm in it.  We need to stick to the plan."

	"Rainbow—"  Eagle Eye began.

	She snapped at him.  "Every detour we have taken—Every.  Single.  One... has ended in manure hitting the fan.  From a gunfight at Green Slope, to abduction at Gray Smoke, to a total friggin' massacre at Lerris, we've done nothing but find or stir up trouble, and I'm not about to risk it again."

	"If you'd please just listen—"

	"No, you listen!  My job is to make sure this ship gets across the Frozen Sea and to the continent on the other side!" Rainbow growled.  "We're not here to chase after phantoms."  She blew the bangs out from her brow.  "Celestia knows we've got enough of those to deal with as of late.  I owe it to my friends and everypony on board this ship to get us to safety.  I'm sorry, Props, but until you've given me more than just a mere hunch to lean on, we're heading east and east only.  You got that?"

	"But... but..."  Props shuddered, then hung her head.

	Ebon's eyes swam from Rainbow to Props and back again.  He stood cold and silent.

	"Props, I appreciate all the work that you've been doing on the skystone engine, but there's no need to overdo it.  That much labor without sleep will play tric