nda wishes that I could have learned more before sending this place crashing."

	"If you ask me, Rainbow, the pegasi who ran this facility eons before Hurricane took over were supreme victims of curiosity and hubris.  No need for you to follow their exact—"  The zebra suddenly jerked, tilting his helm upwards.

	"What is it, boy?"

	"A body," Pilate muttered.  "Diving down swiftly."

	"More pegasi?"  Rainbow smirked and raised her sword, gazing upwards.  "Zombie sushi, coming right up—!"

	KAPOW!  A blast of yellow mana shot down and struck Rainbow.

	"Gaaugh!" the mare fell back with a splash of blood.  The Sword of Solstice clattered to the floor in the center of the lowering platform.

	"Rainbow!" Pilate reached for her—

	Fwooosh!  On a streak of amber rocket exhaust, a reptilian figure landed hard on the platform between Rainbow and Pilate.  Clank!  Razzar stood straight up, his joints tightening as he glared down at Pilate with a glinting mask.

	"The ride stops here, my little ponies..."
		//------------------------------//
		// It Boils Down To This		//------------------------------//

	"Bloody hell," Prowse murmured, his eyes widening.

	"Huh?"  Seclorum climbed forward along the turbulent interior of the Tarkington.  He leaned back against the pilot's chair.  "What is it?"

	"Take a gander for yourself."  Prowse pointed with his good hoof at the Noble Jury.  A cluster of writhing, purple figures clung to the ship's bow, a deck and a half below the cockpit.  "They must have latched on while nopony was looking."

	"Ah jeez..."  Seclorum winced.  "Josho, please tell me you can ward them off..."

	Props' voice rang down the corridor full of frazzled survivors.  "What is it?  Why aren't we accelerating yet?"

	"Lassie, don't look."  Prowse gulped.  "It's not a pretty sight."

	Props rushed up out of nowhere.  "What isn't?"  Upon first glance of the Noble Jury, her goggled eyes went wide and she held two hooves over a gasping muzzle.

	"Could we—perhaps—fly perpendicular to the craft and knock those creatures off?" Seclorum suggested.

	Prowse's jaw went tight.  "And risk infecting Aatxe's gift to us?"  He shook his head.  "I'm not fan of it either, boyo, but we can't damn the lives of all these ponies..."

	"Oh please..."  Props mewled out a quivering mouth as her goggles fogged up.  "Oh please oh please oh please..."



	"Got it!" Eagle Eye shouted.

	"Good!"  Josho gnashed his teeth, tilting his horn forward as he contributed to the petite stallion's magic field.  "Keep it together and let's flush these things out!"

	"After your lead!"

	"And... march!"  Josho stomped forward, joined by Eagle Eye.  Both stallions made their way to the shattered window of the Observation room, slowly shoving a solid wall of fluctuating telekinesis directly in front of them.

	By now, three undead pegasi had materialized between where the Jurists stood and the shattered window frame ahead.  While Josho's and Eagle's field was successfully mopping the purple gunk up, the zombified equines made things a hundred times more difficult, slashing and biting and thrashing at the magical field.  The energy rippled with each impact, threatening to snap at any second.

	"Come on, chestnut!" Zaid barked, shoving his metal rod through the field and knocking the monsters back as best as he could.  "Put on the pressure!  Defense!  Defense!"

	"I'm trying!" Belle yelped.  "I don't want to upset their magic field!"

	"Then d-don't even mention it!" Josho growled.  "Eagle, you're buckling!"

	"Stop marching so f-fast!"

	"I can't let up for one second!  These creatures—"

	"Another is h-hatching!" Zaid spat, eying a patch of purple where an equine figure emerged.

	"For Spark's sake..."

	"Get them to the window!  Get them to the window!"

	While this mayhem went on, Elma continue squatting by Kera's side.  She stared at the struggle ahead with weary eyes, but soon tilted her gaze until it fell on the dormant little foal below.  She knelt down, breathing lightly, her dark 