cheek just inches from nuzzling the filly.

	"It's just... so much..."  Her fanged mouth quivered.  The changeling's green slits morphed into chestnut eyes that teared.  "So much misery... so much pain..."  She brought a hoof down and caressed Kera's straight green mane.  After a few seconds, Elma looked at her own fetlock, spotting black and white stripes that traveled up her body.  In a blink, her black shell returned, and she shuddered.  "But the love is there too.  It's just buried..."

	Belle shrieked and fell back.  A creature lunged at the field, nearly breaking through.  Zaid rushed forward and smacked the zombie's head through the field, then turned to help Belle back up to her hooves.

	Elma stared at the mare.  She bit her lip and leaned down to nuzzle Kera.  "No child should remain separated from her mother."  She sniffled.  "Not so long as that mother is a good pony."  A stifled sob, and she brought both hooves to the sides of Kera's face, tilting her chin up until they stared each other—face to dazed face.  "Love may never belong to me... but it belongs to you."

	That said, Elma's eyes narrowed once more into green slits.  Energy fluctuated from within the changeling's body, erupting at the surface in random spurts of emerald flame.  At last, a translucent stream of energy could be seen bouncing between the two ponies.  Kera's ears twitched, and her mouth hung open.  Just as her purpils started to shrink, Elma jerked back with a wimpering sound.  She stared up at the ceiling as her forelimbs began trembling.

	"This isn't working!" Belle exclaimed, holding Zaid's body to support his swings of the metal pole.  "We gotta get Floydien down here or something!"  Panting, she glanced behind her flank.  "Maybe his mana discharge can—"  She instantly gasped.  "Elma!"

	"Ggnnngh-Auugh!"  Elma's head flew back.  In bursts of green flame, her body transformed into Golden Happenstance, then to Beau, then to Pilate, then to an oversized filly with fluctuating tattoos.  She slipped from her grip of Elma and fell back to the metal floor, reverting to a fetal-curled shapeshifter staring blankly into the ceiling with streams of green smoke wafting out of her wide eyes.

	"Elma, no!" Belle hollered, galloping straight towards her.  She slid on her knees and scooped the limp changeling up, shaking her.  "Why, Elma?  Why?"  The mare was already sobbing, her eyes tearing as she tilted the shape-shifter's head to meet her misty gaze.  "Oh, blessed Spark!  What did I tell you?"  She hugged Elma close, rocking back and forth.  "Just because that's all your Mother fed you—"

	"What's happening?!" Eagle Eye sputtered.

	"Dammit, kid!" Josho hissed, his horn struggling to maintain luminescence.  "Concentrate!"

	"It's too late!" Zaid grunted as two undead yanked his pole towards them and coated it all over with purple muck.  "They're gonna break through!"

	Belle glanced up, muzzle quivering, as she held Elma close.  Before them, the energy field flashed, flashed again, and dissipated entirely.



	Razzar marched icily towards Pilate.  The naga stepped over the Sword of Solstice, his robed limbs outlined by patches of amber glow.  All around him, the purple muck from above dribbled, having followed the descending platform down the cylindrical shaft.  Soon, a veritable waterfall of ooze surrounded the three bodies.

	"I'm going to need you to give back what belongs to me," the Lounge leader said, extending a gloved hand towards the skystone on Pilate's back.  "I require it to pilot this city, for it belongs to me too."

	"Seriously, Razzar?"  Pilate gritted his teeth, all four hooves planted firmly in place as he glared up at the towering lizard.  "After all the purgatorial menaces that have broken loose... after all of the damnable calamities that you yourself have unleashed... you still think you can somehow salvage Stratopolis and make it work to your own ends?"

	"The only flaw here is ponies... ponies like you..." Yellow mist wafted out of the mask's mouth slits as he stood above Pilate.  "P