onies who dared pollute my plans with their weak frailties.  Still, it was my mistake for thinking I could ever have accomplished anything by cooperating with the likes of the equines stranded here.  When the Lounge's strength is finally bolstered with our domination of the Skystone fields, I'll be sure we never make that mistake again."

	"Look around you!" Pilate barked.  "This place is corrupt!  There's nothing to exploit!  The Sentinel destroyed the ancient pegasi who thought they could control it!  And it cost the lives of the brave Equestrians who later commandeered it!  This place is nothing but a death trap!  But you'd know that, wouldn't you?  For years, you've been sending ponies here to die under the changelings' watch!  Well, now it's your turn to be consumed by the curse!"

	Cl-Clakk!  Razzar thrusted a manarifle loose from under his left sleeve, aiming it at the zebra.  "Amusing that you would ask me to 'look around,' seeing as the only reason you have vision is because it was appropriated through a traitor who boldly infiltrated my ranks."  The barrel of the weapon glowed a threatening yellow.  "Betrayal is a weak tactic, and it is the Lounge's prime task to put down the weak and the frail.  Starting with you—"

	"Hnnngh!"  Rainbow Dash flew up from behind and slammed two bloodied forelimbs across the back of his skull.

	"Aaaaugh!"  Razzar stumbled forward, firing randomly.

	The mana blast ricocheted off the platform between Pilate's legs, making him gasp.

	Rainbow followed her initial blow with a two-legged buck against the naga's spine.  As he collapsed, she hovered above him and spat, "Wow!  An idiot—and—the memory of a goldfish!  That's two for two, ya melon f—"

	"Hrrrrrrrr—"  Razzar contorted his back, spun about, and leapt at her—legs spread—like a velociraptor.  "—RESSSSSH!"

	"Gaah!" Rainbow grunted as she was slammed to the metal floor beneath his thrashing weight.  "Okay!" She sputtered, curling her forelimbs to block his many-many jabs and punches.  "Mutant goldfish!  Mutant goldfish!"

	Razzar left hand raised high, and several claws ripped loose from the glove, ready to swipe across her muzzle.

	"Rrrrgh!" Pilate charged up from behind and swung the sparkling rod in his teeth.

	Razzar took the blow to the back of the head, jolting.

	With a grunt, Rainbow bucked him off, curled her body, and launched forward with wings spread.  She speared the naga in the chest, and the two went sprawling across the descending platform.  Their bodies reflected in the sheen of the purple ooze curtaining all around them.  At last, Razzar got the upper hand, wriggling around to Rainbow's and shoving his knuckles against the back of her skull, forcing her muzzle closer and closer to the deathly dribble of ooze.

	Rainbow's nostrils flared and flared as she shut one eye and fought the pressure to her cranium.  Inch by inch, her chin approached the purple waterfall.  She could smell the stench of decay and rust.  One of many eyeballs slid down, reflecting Razzar's body pressed to her spine.  She spotted his chest completely unguarded.

	Holding her breath, Rainbow spread her wings straight out, slapping both edges of Razzar's ripcage.  The naga winced heavily from the blow, his grip slipping.  Rainbow snaked her tail around one ankle, yanked, and slammed her elbow back into his mask as Razzar fell.  Finally freed, she flapped her wings and pulled herself away from the deadly muck, backflipping to the center of the platform where the Sword of Solstice lay.

	Without wasting a breath, Razzar charged towards her on all fours, hissing the whole way.

	Rainbow slapped a hoof over the sword's hilt, propelling it up into the air so she could grip it in her teeth.  Immediately, she swung at Razzar with a horizontal swipe.

	The naga ducked the burning slash.  All around him, a half-circle of falling ooze immediately dissolved from the golden blade's heat.  A larger round chamber could be seen, with four pedestals located at equidistant cardinal locations.

	Pilate gas