ped.  "The control room!"  He jerked his gaze back on the fight.

	Razzar leapt at Rainbow Dash in a vicious pounce.

	Frowning, Pilate twirled and flung his staff at the lizard at full force.  "Neuugh!"

	The bludgeon struck Razzar dead in the chest, making him collapse just two feet before he could have impacted Rainbow Dash.

	With a voice-cracking yelp, Rainbow viciously uppercutted with the sword, setting the entire room ablaze with fire and dissolving the ooze once again.

	CRACKKK!  Razzar's mask shattered up the center while a red mist billowed at the tip of the sword's blaze.  "Hrllghghklkkkttt!" He limped aside, clutching his skull.  With a furious hiss, he flung both arms forward, exposing no less than four mana blasters under each sleeve.  POW!  POW!  POW!  POW!  POW!

	Rainbow held her breath and dove backwards, holding the Sword of Solstice lengthwise before her.  At least a dozen shots deflected off the billowing blade, knocking her back into Pilate.  Both pegasus and zebra went tumbling off the puddle-soaked platform and onto the floor of the control room beyond.  At last, the elevator hissed to a stop in front of them, along with Razzar's limping, steam-spilling figure.

	"Mmmmfff!"  Pilate was the first to sit up, panting.  "Rainbow..."  He gulped.  "We're..."

	"I know..."  Rainbow nodded.  "Quick!" she breathlessly exclaimed.  "Find which one of these is the north pedestal and place the skystone on it!"

	"Right!"  Pilate stripped the skystone shard from his back and glanced between the four structures.  "Perhaps there's a rune that will designate which is which—"
	
	POW!  An amber energy blast deflected the skystone shard from his grasp.

	The zebra gasped, watching as the yellow chunk of glowing crystal slid off towards the far end of the room.  He and Rainbow glanced at the center of the room.

	Razzar limped down from the elevator platform, aiming his many smoking blasters.  His silver mask clung to his skull in tatters.  After a sputtering breath, he pulled at the triggers to his weapons again.  Zhht!  Zh-Zhht!  They fizzled out, refusing to fire anymore.  The amber glow of his suit faded with an ineffectual groaning noise.  He stood in place, growling and heaving.

	Slowly, Rainbow Dash stood up alongside Pilate.  "It's over, Razzar," she murmured, stealthily reaching a hoof over to the Sword of Solstice.  "You may have had a posse of badflank bounty hunters on your side, a slick black ship straight out of fantasy books, and a lot of sick glowy stuff... but none of that changes the fact that you're the most pathetic jobber who's ever existed."

	"Yes!"  Pilate sneered, lunging his head forward.  "And you reek!"

	"Pilate, I've got this," Rainbow muttered aside.  "Besides, you already had your chance at a monologue."

	"S-sorry..."

	"Over...?"  Razzar shook and quivered.  "Hckkkt... it is not overrrr..."  He pulled at his sleeves, cloak, and garments.  Shred by shred, he ripped them off his body with raking claws.  A multitude of nefarious concealed weapons fell to the floor, along with his bulky jetpack.  "Quezaat forgive me... but to dispense with your weak flesh, I must commit the sin of bearing my own... hckkkkt..."

	At last, he pulled at the fragments of his mask—a very slow gesture.  Steam billowed loose from a dozen places, and when it cleared, the two ponies could see an elongated snout rimmed with razor sharp crocodile teeth that surrounded a lashing tongue.

	"Hyeeuuuuuuuuhhhh..."  Razzar dropped the mask from two webbed hands fitted with two-inch long claws.  With an inward trilling—like a cat purr—the reptile stood up straight, his rust-brown body silhouetted against a fresh curtain of purple ooze dribbling down the central elevator shaft behind him.  He tilted his head back, eyes shut, as he inhaled deeply.  A long tail thrashed behind him, then finally relaxed.  Seconds later, two yellow eyeslits opened, and he tilted his snout to glare at the pair.

	"Rainbow, I can't see well enough..."  Pilate gulped.  "But is he—?"

	"Yup."  