Rainbow nodded.  "Pretty motherbucking ugly."

	As if on cue, the naga's eyes widened.  Sharp spines arced along the path of his vertebra as he flexed his arms and lunged his head forward.  A wide, copper-colored frill flared around Razzar's neck as he roared with bestial fury.  "HRESSSSS-SHHHHHAAAAA!"

	Rainbow grimaced lethargically.  "Look, I love a good boss battle as much as the next pony, but—for realsies..."  That said, she flung the Sword of Solstice down at full force.  "Haaaaaaugh!"

	FLASSSH!  A burning wave of golden energy slammed into Razzar, shoving his naked body back into the evaporating slime.

	Pilate actually blinked under his helm.

	Rainbow turned towards him, exhaling sweatily.  "Right, so about that skystone—"

	"HRESSSSH!"  A thoroughly scalded Razzar plowed into her from the center of the room.

	"Luna poop!" Rainbow sputtered from under his weight.

	Pilate gasped, tilting his head towards where the two tumbled off and wrestled.

	"Nnnngh!"  Rainbow bucked Razzar's ravenous body off her and picked herself up with the Sword of Solstice, parrying his next attack.  "Cyberzebra!" she shouted over her shoulder.  "The skystone!"

	"R-right!"  Pilate galloped over to the glowing crystal, nervously picked it up, and ran from one pedestal to the other.  "Which one is north, which one is n-north?" he rambled beneath the clamor of the two combatants in the background.



	"It's collapsed!" Josho shouted, swinging his shotgun out so that it levitated at his side.  He fired one shot, only to splatter purple ooze across a quarter of the forward Observation Room.  He cursed under his teeth, backtrotting from the advancing undead.  "Run to the top deck!  We gotta abandon ship!"

	"Floydien would rather die than give up his precious 'Nancy!'" Zaid sputtered.

	"Not a club the rest of you should join!" Josho shouted.  "Now get moving!"

	"Not without you!" Eagle hollered, almost sobbing.  He tugged and tugged on Josho's tail.  "Come on!  Let's go!"

	"No!  I'm holding the fort!"

	"But—"

	"Dammit, go!"  Josho snarled over his shoulder.  "And grab your coltfriend while you're at it!"  He marched fearlessly towards the monsters.  "How many times do I have to tell you ponies—I've friggin' lived my life!"

	"Stop!" Eagle lunged, teary-eyed.  "Come back!"  He jerked in place, flailing.

	Zaid held Eagle from behind, dragging him back to the doorframe.  "Belle!  We gotta make like the wind and break, girl!"

	"You've got Eagle, and I've got Elma!"  Belle exclaimed, clutching the changeling to her chest.  "Who has Kera?"

	"Uhhhh..."

	Belle's eyes twitched.  She looked down at the metal floor beside Elma, and it was empty.  "Kera...?"  She looked up.

	A petite shadow slinked past Josho.  The old soldier saw it, and he did a grotesque double-take.

	"Kera!" Belle hollered.

	Josho lunged for her—but felt himself blown back by an unprecedented pulse of mana.

	Before everypony's eyes, the very much alive and very much awake filly marched two more steps forward, planted her hooves squarely against the floor, and lunged her head forward.  Rivulets of blue energy swam up her tattoos like reverse waterfalls.  They came to a focal point in her horn, surging outward in a white-hot explosion of unbridled magic.

	All the while, Kera's tiny face grotesquely contorted in a venemous expression.  Veins popped in her neck for a brief moment, then dissipated as the mother of all yells emanated from her throat—starting at first as a low siren, then bursting outward in a salvo of unmitigated rage and fury.  Everypony's ears popped, and even Josho flinched from the resulting echo as the entire bow of the Noble Jury shook.

	Then—like a chunk of the Sun thrown out of a cannon—a wall of merciless telekinesis hurled forward.  It not only swept the undead pegasi off their hooves and evaporated the purple stains, but it completely shattered the remaining metal frame of the shattered windows.  The pegasi's bodies were shred to ribbons among the resulting shrapnel, an