d the mess of debris and undead organs flew out into the winds of Stratopolis like a stream of calico vomit.



	"Bloody Hell!" Prowse gasped, wide-eyed.

	Seclorum clung to the back of the pilot's seat, for the Tarkington was inexplicably wobbling as if dealt an invisible blow.  "What in Ledo's toilet did that just now?!"

	Props slid her goggles up and blinked her teary eyes.  "Pizz fah wizz..."  She blinked again, and her muzzle slowly curved into a tender smile.  "Could... could it be...?"



	
	Staring out into the gaping hole of the Observation Room, Kera stood in place, panting and panting.  At last, she slumped down to her haunches, shivering internally.

	The rest of the ponies gawked in silence.  Slowly, Bellesmith laid Elma down and crawled forward—one pensive hoof after another.  "Kera...?"

	The filly's shoulders shook.

	Belle gulped.  "Kera, d-darling...?"

	The filly turned to look over her shoulder.  Her eyes were brimming with tears.  A muzzle quivered endlessly.

	Belle held a hoof over her mouth.  Sniffling, she gestured to the tiny pony.  "Kera, speak to me, honey..."

	Kera slowly shook her head.  At last, something came out of her, dry as a bone.  "So cold... so v-very cold," she mewled.  "All I can see is... is his eye..."  She curled her forelimbs against her scrunching his face.  "Cold and pale... like a second moon..."

	Belle slowly shuffled towards her, eyes glued to the filly's face.

	"I'm so lame... so fr-friggin' pathetic..."  Kera whimpered, starting to dry-heave as she collapsed to her side.  "Wanted t-to scream so h-hard... f-for so long..."  She gnashed at her teeth, her eyes streaming as she squealed, "Wh-why couldn't I do that to h-him?!"  She gripped her skull and growled, "I hate him I hate him I hate him I hate him..."

	"Kera, darling..."  Belle scooped the child up.  "There was nothing you could have done.  There was nothing any of us could have done..."

	"He made me see so many th-things... killed so m-many ponies... all b-because of me..."

	"No... No!"  Belle hissed, holding her close.  "It was nothing you did!  It was all him, Kera.  It's not your fault.  It was never your fault!"

	"I just... gnnngh... j-just..."  She writhed and writhed in Belle's grasp, her eyes clenched shut to the bleeding point.  "I can't... I c-can't..."  She squeaked.  "Going to explode..."

	"Let it out, darling..."  Belle stroked Kera's bangs and spoke nose to nose.  "Release it, Kera.  The worse thing you can do..."  She gulped and shuddered.  "The worse thing any of us can do is hold it in."

	Kera shuddered at first, then shook in tiny little spasms.  At last, she buried her head into Belle's shoulder—which was a good thing—for the resulting wail would otherwise have deafened them both.  She clung to Belle's coat like a vice, howling in undulating waves.

	Belle sobbed, tears streaming from her face as she rocked Kera's body in her forelimbs.  "That's it, honey.  It's okay to cry.  It's okay to mourn.  Because, no matter how horrible things have been, we're alive now.  We're alright, and one way or another we're going to have to live with what's happened to us.  But you're not going to be alone, do you hear me?  We're going to be with you every step of the way.  We're never... ever going to abandon you.  We cherish you so much, Kera.  By the Spark, we love you so..."

	Kera's body shuddered, shook, and then shifted.  She lifted a tear-stained face, staring wearily at Belle.  "M... M-Mommy...?"

	Belle gulped and nodded.  "Yes...?"

	Kera's lips quivered.  "Is... is Daddy alright too?"

	Belle fell silent.

	Kera nuzzled Belle's shoulder.  "I want to see Daddy again..."

	In a bursting breath, Belle's face melted.  She kissed the top of Kera's green mane and rocked the filly in her arms.  "You will.  I promise you."  She sniffled and broke into a sobbing smile.  "We will both see Daddy again."  She closed her eyes and sniffled.  "We will..."

	All the while, Josho was scratching his mane.  With a nervous smile, he glanced aside at t