he lavender shape beside him.

	Eagle Eye held both hooves over his mouth as tears rolled down his face.  He grinned—albeit in a crooked, quivering fashion.  Tiny, inward squeaks emanated from his flushed chest.

	"Nnnnngh..."  A familiar figure shuffled up from the distant engine room, rubbing his aching skull.  "My h-head..."  Ebon blinked blearily, then gasped as he stared—wide eyed—into the thoroughly wrecked observation room.  "Whoah.  What in the hay happened here?!"

	"Phweeeeee!"  Overwhelmed, Eagle practically pounced the stallion, hugging him close and repeatedly kissing his ear.  "I love you I love you I love you I love youuuuu!"

	"Gaaah!"  Ebon braced himself against the doorframe and nervously patted Eagle's back.  "H-hey, feeling's mutual.  But... um... Eagle!  Stop slobbering over my ear!"

	"Hmmmmmmm..."  Eagle nuzzled and nuzzled and nuzzled Ebon's neck.  "Just so glad that you're okay.  Everything's turning out okaaaaaaay..."

	"Yeah..."  Ebon smiled, running a hoof through the unicorn's silken mane.  "Who'd a thunk it..."

	Zaid glanced at Ebon, then at Eagle Eye.  He blinked, then looked down at Elma's dormant figure.  Without a second's hesitation, he hoisted the changeling up by her shoulders and rammed her body into the two hugging stallions.

	"Eeep!" Eagle's eyes bulged.

	"D'oh!"  Ebon winced.  "Zaid, what the buck—?!"

	Almost immediately, the changeling's eyes flashed open with a burst of green flame.  Elma sputtered and gasped for breath, as if coming up from a deep plunge.

	Bellesmith immediately looked over, muzzle agape.

	Elma stumbled back on four quivering hooves.  She rubbed her scalp before leaning against a rattling bulkhead.  "Unnnngh... wh-what a rush?  Where did that come from?"

	"You're welcome."  Zaid sat back with a smug grin.  "It's what I like to call shipping and receiving."  He turned towards Josho.  "Eh?  Eh?"

	"Meh."

	"Belle...?"  Kera gulped and looked nervously over the mare's shoulder, trembling.  "Who is that pony with the green eyes...?"

	"Somepony who helped you, darling..."  Belle kissed Kera's forehead and smiled lovingly at the shapeshifter.  "Somepony who helped us all..."

	Elma glanced nervously at Belle.  She bore a weak, confused smile, then plopped down on her haunches with a dizzied expression.

	"Hey, uh..."  Zaid scratched his scalp.  "Not for nothing, but..."  He glanced at all the others.  "Whatever happened to the east horse?"
		//------------------------------//
		// Not Quite a Maiden Voyage		//------------------------------//

	"Grnnnghhh!"  Rainbow Dash—sword gripped in her teeth—swung the burning weapon up high.

	Razzar ducked, twirled athletically to his side, and sprang forward on two rear talons.

	Rainbow dropped the blade lengthwise in her hooves, rolled backwards, and used Razzar's momentum to vault him across the control room.

	He flew, twirled, and landed in the center—skidding to a stop just an inch before coming into contact with the purple muck trickling down from above.

	Meanwhile, Rainbow flapped her wings, flew in a circle, and barreled towards him with the sword dragging in two hooves.  Grunting, she spun her body and slashed the burning blade in the process.

	Razzar ducked inexplicably backwards, his body bending grotesquely as it balanced on his tail.  He dodged the blade, then lifted one lower leg, its talons clasping around the tip of the sword.  With one twist, he sent Rainbow's body jerking aside from her grip to the hilt.

	"Ooomf!"  Rainbow rolled across the ground.

	"Hresshaaa!"  Razzar jumped her from behind.

	Pressing the sword against the floor like a pole, she thrusted her rear legs backwards, uppercutting him savagely across the chin.  A sharp tooth or two flew as she hopped up to her hooves, spun around, and swung the blade as hard as she could.

	Cl-Clank!  Razzar readied himself with a pair of forward talons, blocking her swing and pressing back.  The two struggled for dominance while sparks occasionally spat from the contact of his cla