angled together in mid-air, Rainbow wrangled her hooves around Razzar's skull and slammed his face against the blurring wall, grinding his scales into the stone surfaces.  Razzar winced and hissed, smoke forming from the friction of his constant contact. At last, he found the strength knee her hard in the chest, and the two went sprawling across the platform behind Pilate.

	The zebra in question had finally stumbled upon a pedestal where the skystone shard glowed the brightest.

	"Finally!  This is it!"  Concentrating, he held the shard in two hooves, lowered it to the pedestal, and watched as bolts of archaic energy shot between the stone dais and the crystalline "key."  The entire control room shook, and the stallion stumbled backwards with a nervous breath.  He looked left and right, his helm detecting movement in the circular room's walls.

	Clak-Clak!  Something snapped.  Suddenly, whistling winds barreled into the room.  Pilate watched as the room lowered down on twelve descending columns.

	The control room, as it turned out, was situated in the very belly of Stratopolis, and activating the pedestal lowered it by its twelve support struts so that it gave those situated on the platform a three hundred and sixty degree view of the hazy gray world in every direction.

	Rainbow Dash tumbled backwards from the wind, rolling to a pained stop besides the Sword of Solstice.

	Razzar, caught of guard, stabbed his forward claws into the stone floor and held tight as air pressure tugged his body in random directions.

	In the meanwhile, Pilate anchored himself by the north pedestal, his helm being overwhelmed by the glowing energy of the shard.  He tilted his head away—facing west—and gasped as soon as he noticed the clouds along the horizon dissolving.

	"What in the frig is happening?!" Rainbow stammered above the noise of howling winds.

	"What else?!"  Pilate grinned wide.  "We're moving!"


		//------------------------------//
		// I Can See Clearly Now		//------------------------------//

	Elma gasped, her green eyes pulsing.  "Stratopolis," she murmured quietly.  Weakly, the frail changeling lifted her head.  "Everypony?  Something... s-something's happening—"

	"Uh huh.  That's nice."  Josho strolled past her and shimmied up the vertical crawlspace as quickly as his obese body would allow him.  "Hey!  Thunder Deer!"  He climbed into the cockpit behind Floydien, sweating and panting.  "The mutant pegasi just gave us a shave so close they're liable to set up a barber shop in my ass.  The front half of your Nancy Jane is an open gaping hole.  You understand how friggin' ugly a picture this is?  You gotta pull this puppy around and take us as far from the center of the store as you can before the zombies decide to come after all our collective sideburns!"

	"Easier the spitting than the glimmering," Floydien droned, pointing a cloven hoof out the cockpit window.  "What does the boomer's eyes see?"

	"Awwwwwwwwww crud biscuits," Josho wheezed, gawking at a solid line of winged abominations hurdling their way from the largest structure.  "It's like they come in waves!"

	Eagle Eye climbed up, followed by Ebon Mane.  "Looks like it's all clear below decks.  What's the situation?"  His eyes bulged.  "Oh fluff."

	"Princess, if I had some soap..." Josho muttered.

	"Whoah!"  Ebon gasped, glancing towards the right.  "There's another ship out there!"

	"It's the Tarkington," Josho said.  "That's where blondie and Prowse are."

	"Propsy is on th-that thing?!" Ebon panted and panted.  "Guys!  We... we g-gotta warn them!"

	"My kingdom for a sound stone..."  Josho leaned forward and spat over Floydien's shoulder.  "Better think of something smart, Secchy!  You're about to have guests!"

	"Nnngh!"  Floydien seethed, shoving Josho back.  "Don't get boomer juices all over Floydien juices!"  Snorting, he glared towards the windy horizon.  "Let us engage in the think think!"

	"The Tarkington looks like a freight ship," Eagle Eye said.  "I can't imagine they'd have any real weapons!"
