
	"That's because they don't have any real weapons!" Josho snarled.  "Just a bunch of crazy, tongue-tied badasses in tattoos and an old fart!"

	"But they've got Propsy!"  Ebon squeaked.  "We gotta save them!  I mean... r-right?"

	"Eagle?"  Josho glanced over his shoulder.  "Let's board the top deck.  We can make the monsters kiss manaflare, Franzington and Ledomare style."

	Eagle nervously nodded, but pointed at the elk.  "Things would be a lot smoother if we had his deathbolts on our side."

	"Floydien agrees."  Floydien put the ship into a neutral hover and climbed out of his seat.  "Give me glimmer room atop Nancy's flank."

	"Then who's gonna fly us?" Ebon asked.

	"Floydien has a constetant in mind."  The elk shouted down the crawlspace.  "Hey!  Clown boomer!"

	"Guys!" Eagle's voice cracked.  He braced himself against Ebon while pointing a wild hoof out the windshield.  "Look!  From up high!"

	Josho squinted.  "What in the popcorn fart..."

	"Not them again," Ebon murmured with folded ears.

	"No!  Something's different about them!" Eagle Eye exclaimed.  "Their flight pattern!"  He grinned from ear to lavender ear.  "I've seen it before!"

	"H-huh?"




	"H'lanna rekkhar drenna dre'nnden," Arcshod muttered.

	"Right..."  Seclorum nodded, patting the back of Prowse's chair while ponies murmured in fear behind them.  "We can't stay dormant here forever.  Somepony's gotta deal with those winged freaks."

	"And just how in the bloody hell do you intend to do that?"  Prowse cackled.  "Piss out the window at them?"

	"I wasn't asking you for ideas..."

	"Hey!"  Props pointed out the windshield of the Tarkington.  "Lookie!  The Lounge!"

	"Oh please, Propsicle."  Prowse rolled his eyes.  "That's the last thing we need—"  FWOOSH!  Something black and glossy soared straight over the ship's hull.  "The moon's arse!" he exclaimed.

	Everypony behind him craned their necks to see.



	The spherical vessel hovered into place between the other two airships and the approaching wave of undead.  Despite the constant sheets of rain, the forward hull of the vessel slid open.  Standing on the platform beneath the receding dome were three fully-armed naga.  Cocking their manarifles, they all turned and fired as one at the ravenous pegasi.  The air lit up with amber fury, splitting the clouds into errant streams of mist.

	In splotches and sprays of purple juices, the abominations fell.  Their pained shrieks were impossible to hear over the sound of constant manafire.  It was a gradual process, but their numbers eventually thinned, dissolving the charge into a flailing flock of confused, aimless drones.

	The Noble Jury flew a little closer to the Lounge's ship.  The door to the cockpit opened, and out trotted several gawking ponies.  Josho, Eagle Eye, Ebon Mane, and Floydien stood on the top deck first.  Finally Zaid poked his head out, squinting curiously at the violent light show happening off the ship's port side.  Belle climbed up into the cockpit.  She had Kera balanced on her flank.  Curious, the two jittery equines glanced out.

	"Zaid... what... who...?" Belle murmured.

	"Sorry."  Zaid shrugged.  "I got nothin'."

	"I don't get it..."  Ebon Mane leaned in towards the rest.  "Why aren't they shooting at us?"

	"Maybe they had a change of heart," Josho grumbled.

	"Not a change of heart," a voice crackled loudly over a speaker system built within the hollow of the Lounge's hull.  "A change of mind."  The three lizards held their fire, squirming slightly as a fourth figure emerged from the ship's interior behind them, training a hoof-mounted manacannon at their bodies.  "An energy discharge hotter than the surface of the sun being constantly trained on their scales will do that..."

	Zaid instantly smiled.

	"That... that voice..."  Belle murmured.

	"Is that...?" Kera squeaked.

	A patch of red light from the Noble Jury's skystone glinted off the metal mare's copper lenses.  "Forgive me for being late.  It took a great deal more convincing than I anticipated 