ks on your head.  Trust me, I know."  Rainbow trotted over, paused, and motioned with her head towards the dried up Ice Wyrm gland.  "Looks like that thing's running out of juice.  Is the fluid for the heating system depleted?"

	"Uhm..."  Props ran a shaky hoof through her mane and nodded limply.  "Yeah."  She sniffled.  "Kind of."

	"I'll see what I can do about fetching another.  Eagle, next time you're on the top deck, keep a look out for more peculiar shaped icebergs.  We're bound to run into another one of those frozen creeps at this point."

	"Uhhh... r-right..."

	"Give a shout if there's an emergency or anything."  With that, Rainbow Dash briskly made her exit towards the stairwell.

	The three ponies stood alone.

	Eagle Eye sighed. He looked towards the lone mare in the room.  "Props, look... I... I'm sorry..."

	"No, it's... it's alright."  The Noble Jury's engineer hid her face, trotting with slumped shoulders across the room.  "She's right.  I-I haven't been getting that much sleep lately.  I... I guess I'm letting my imagination get the best of me..."

	"Props..."

	"Ebon, if you don't mind watching over the engine, I-I think I'm gonna go lie down for a while..."

	Eagle Eye winced, watching as Props trotted through the door to the navigation room, closing it gently shut behind her.  He sighed, toying with his silken bangs as he paced across the engine compartment.  At one point he froze, tilting his head up until he looked squarely at Ebon.

	Ebon stared back.

	"Wh-what?" Eagle stammered.

	"You're the one who looked at me," Ebon said.

	"Only 'cuz it looks like you've got your mind on something."

	"I've got my mind on something, alright," Ebon remarked with a nod.

	"Like... what are you thinking?"

	With a hard sigh, Ebon glared towards the stern.  "That Austraeoh and Eljunbyro are both the best and worst things to happen to us..."

	

	Rainbow Dash lingered halfway up the stairwell.  She stood, slumped against the wall in her brown leather coat, turning over a pair of goggles in her hooves.  The initials "S.L." were barely noticeable, just dark blemishes obscured by shadow.

	A cold gust blew down from the open entrance above, carrying with it flakes of frost and arctic air.  Rainbow Dash shook.  Her teeth chattered, and for a moment she feared the onset of another dizzy spell.  So, impulsively, she trotted up the stairwell and made for the first door that she could find.

	She emerged upon the upper platform of the hangar.  There, she stumbled to a stop, for she was not alone.

	"Just choke her to death, while you're at it," Zaid muttered to himself, bouncing a little rubber ball against the wall and back again.  "Not like she's got anything to breathe but your incurable funk, anyways."  Upon feeling a sudden draft, the stallion's ears twitched.  He turned around, blinked, and smiled faintly.  "Ah.  Rainbow Dash, as I live and drown.  How kerflails you?"

	Rainbow's eyes squinted.  "Where'd you get that ball?"

	"I'm fine, thanks for asking."  Zaid threw the object up and balanced it playfully on the tip of his nose.  "Found this lying in a mostly empty crate along the bottom floor of the hangar.  Figures that the only thing with mirth and silliness is what Roarke would have left behind when she blew this ship like a tornado trying to get the bills paid."

	"Hrmmph..."  Rainbow's eyes narrowed.  "I can see this hangar is taken.  I'll leave you alone."

	"Pfffft.  Oh please.  It's a free airship, at least until Floydien desides to go Saddle Haysein on our flanks!"  Zaid head-butted the ball up and balanced it with his tail.  "Seriously, I can see what Roarke digged about this place.  It's quiet, roomy, and the acoustics makes for some really bodacious ballad recittals."

	"I... don't think Roarke was the type to take up singing at random," Rainbow Dash muttered as she shuffled along the platform's railing.

	"Heh.  How would you know?  You barely hung out with her; Goddess knows she tried."

	"You do realize we're talking about Roarke here," R