to make these lizards fly right."

	One of the Lounge grunted through his mask.  "We'll eat your heart out of your ribcage for this—" A manablast bloodily grazed his shoulder.  "Gaaaaught!"

	"Quiet, breeder."  Roarke's breath blew at the smoke trailing out of her gun.  "Before I decide to use your rectum for a silencer."

	"It is!  It is Roarke!"  Eagle Eye hopped up and down.

	"Oh!  That's wonderful..."  Ebon blinked.  "...I think?"

	"You're welcome," Roarke muttered.  She nodded her head towards the Tarkington.  "Pass word along to the ponies you've got in your gray mane'd coltfriend's ship, fat one," she said to Josho.  "We'll hold off the flying menace for them as well as you."

	"Uhhh..."  Josho sighed.  "We didn't exactly pack enough sound stones to make that sort of communication work in this rainstorm."

	Roarke's lenses pistoned in and out.  "Well," she said.  "Looks like you're still the same idiots you were when I first left."

	"It's her alright," Ebon muttered.

	"Hold on for a friggin' sec!"  Josho frowned.  "All this dayum time, you were one of th-them?  Hiding in their Ledo-forsaken robes n'crap?"

	"Yes, breeder.  Some of us can fit into them."

	"Just what in the Hell is your plan in all this?!"

	"Simple."  Roarke cocked her weapon and aimed it at the group of fidgeting reptiles.  "I keep my gun on them, and they keep their guns on the winged ponies.  We stay here, holding this position, eliminating all bogies for as long as it takes."

	"Uhhhh..."  Ebon blinked.  "For as long as what takes?"

	"Uhhhh..."  Eagle Eye gulped, trotting forward.  "Guys?"

	Belle craned her neck.  "What is it, EE?"

	"Something..."  Eagle squinted at the clouds swirling all around them.  "Something is happening..."

	"Gnnngh!"  Elma flailed, attempting to climb up the top rung of the crawlspace's ladder.

	"Elma!"  Belle rushed over and helped her into the cockpit.  "Careful!  What's—?"

	"I... I-I was trying to t-tell you!"  The changeling hobbled out onto the rainswept top deck with Belle's help.  "Something's wrong!  All of Stratopolis is changing!"

	"Not changing..."  Eagle gulped.  "Moving."

	"Huh?!" Josho did a double-take.

	"Floydien sees it too," the elk muttered.  He pointed with his antlers.  "Look.  Up in the shimmer shimmer.  It thins, yes yes yes?"

	Several ponies gasped and murmured.  On board the Tarkington, dozens of equine faces peered out the portholes, gazing in shock.

	It was subtle at first, but as the seconds ticked by, the winds grew less and less turbulent.  The clouds grew less and less thick.  Swirling mists gave way to patches of clear air.  Huge thunder clouds split down the middle.  Suddenly, in sparse beams of twinkling light, a nebulous aura pierced the malaise from random spots above.

	"Starlight..."  Eagle Eye murmured.  He trotted to the edge of the deck, gawking at the centermost structure.  "It's... it's heading away from us!"

	"Wh-what?"  Ebon spun to stare.

	Sure enough, the clouds weren't only dissipating, they were receding.  Following the large structure, the entire cyclonic phenomenon billowed away, streaking towards the distant horizon at a rapidly accelerating rate.  The Jurists on board the top deck glanced left and right, observing the shattered remains of temples and black obeslisks as they drifted by faster and faster.

	SWOOOSH!  One large temple in particular soared directly overhead, disrupting the air around the three vessels.

	The ponies on board both the Noble Jury and Tarkington gasped, floundering about for a solid hoof-hold.  Once they stabilized, they watched as several more temples whizzed past them, sailing off against the wind like a squadron of concrete edifices.

	"Look!" Eagle Eye pointed.  "The creatures!"

	It was difficult to follow Eagle Eye's gesture, for the undead flocks were almost nowhere to be seen.  In the distance, a thin line of leather bodies shrieked in the winds, but they too became an obscure shadow upon the horizon.

	"They're being carried away...?" Ebon murmured 