aloud.

	"It'd make some sense," Josho said, nodding.  The air grew chilly again, and the obese stallion shivered, his breath visible in the arctic air.  "They keep squirting out of the center building, and that's the thing carrying all of Stratopolis, ain't it?"

	"But I don't get it!" Ebon exclaimed.  "Why's this happening?  Why now?"

	On board the Lounge's ship, Roarke's muzzle hung agape.  She gulped and murmured, "It's happening..."  Her voice carried loosely over the still, frozen air.  "They've succeeded..."

	"Huh?"  Josho turned his head towards the Lounge's ship.  "What was that?"

	"Who's succeeded?" Ebon remarked.

	All the while, Belle blinked.  As she felt Kera's trembles atop her shoulders, she gasped.  Her eyes grew misty.  "Pilate..."
	


		//------------------------------//
		// Zebra Versus Naga: The Musical		//------------------------------//

	Pilate gnashed his teeth.  "Come on... come on..."  Raindrops ricocheted off his metal helm as he concentrated on the skystone shard in front of him.  The glow of the crystal intensified, and the zebra could feel the winds all around him whipping in one uniform direction: against him and away from the north pedestal.  "Blessed Spark, it's working.  It's working!"

	"Hrssshhh!"  Razzar knocked Rainbow Dash back with a savage punch.  Lightning flashed in his peripheral.  Instead of immediately leaping on the pony, the naga lurched in place, panting.  He tilted his head aside and blinked his slitted eyes.  "No..."  He saw the clouds vanishing, their last dissipating mists brimming with electrical energy.  All around the descended platform they stood on, the buildings of Stratopolis could be seen surging northward, their granite bodies and dark obelisks reflected in the waves of an increasingly visible ocean below.  Chunks of ice and splatches of frost shimmered in the moonlight.  "NO!" 

	"Hnnngh!"  Rainbow Dash pounced on his backside.  She swung the Sword of Solstice over and clamped it around Razzar's neck like a vice.  The naga struggled against her weight while sheets of rain evaporated upon contact with the blade.  "What's the matter, Razzar?!" she sputtered in his ear.  "All this time, you've wanted nothing but more skystone!"  Along the northern horizon, a thin line of red energy continually pulsed.  The city of Stratopolis hurled towards it.  "Well, now you're gonna get it!  Full force!"

	Razzar's jaws bled from how hard he gritted his serrated teeth.  "Rrrrrr—"  He slammed his skull back into the pegasus' chin.  "RAUGH!"  Rainbow sputtered, her grip of the sword slipping.  Without a second's hesitation, Razzar kicked against the floor with his talons.  The two of them went stumbling backwards, tripped over Razzar's rocket pack, and plunged into the dribbling column of purple muck from the structure above.

	Pilate gasped, throwing a shocked glance over his shoulder.

	Even with the helm, the bodies beyond the ooze were obscured.  After several heart-thudding seconds, an equine shape was the first to emerge.  Wheezing in pain, Rainbow Dash slumped to her knees, covered all over in lavender slime.  Her eyes pulsed red-on-yellow as she used all her strength to raise the Sword of Solstice in front of her.

	The stallion watched in mute suspense.

	Rainbow Dash clenched her teeth shut.  Her eyes lowered as she leaned towards the burning energy of the sword.  Inch by inch, the purple muck evaporated from her body.  Within seconds, she was fully cleansed of the taint, but the ordeal had sapped her of her strength.  She slumped forward, leaning on Commander Hurricane's weapon with labored breathing.  She looked up at Pilate—then flinched.  Spinning around, Rainbow Dash—

	"Hresssh!"  WHAM!–took a vicious right hook from an enraged reptile.

	Pilate winced.

	"Mmmf!"  Rainbow Dash crumpled hard to the rainswept floor.  Her legs lay limp while the Sword of Solstice clattered to a stop.  Clank!  A purple-stained talon clamped over the hilt.  Razzar leaned over, picked the blade up, and stood tall with the artifact in his