 grip.  The purple slime creeping down his body dissipated in puffs of steam as he seethed and glared through his pain.  At last his eyes fell upon Pilate's figure.

	"Bad zebra..." he hissed.

	The stallion gulped.

	"Hrnnnnnngh!"  Razzar charged at full force, dragging the Sword of Solstice along in preparation for the mother of all upswings.

	Pilate nervously glanced around.  He found the staff Roarke had given it and picked it up.

	"Hresssssh!"  Razzar sliced through the rain with Rainbow's blade.

	Pilate raised the staff in a feeble attempt to block.  CRACK!  The thing shattered instantly in half, forcing the stallion to stumble back.

	Razzar twirled from his swing and round-house kicked the zebra in his muzzle.

	"Ooof!"  Pilate fell back against the skystone pedestal, wincing.

	"Aaaaaugh!"  Razzar swung the blade down.

	Stifling a yelp, Pilate rolled to the side.  CLANK!  The golden blade ricocheted off the pedestal behind him, showering the floor with burning embers.  "Nnngh!"  He stabbed the sparkling end of his broken staff hard into Razzar's side.

	"Graa-aaa-aaaugh!" Razzar gargled on his own blood as his body jolted with electricity.  Dropping the sword, he fell down on all fours, writhing.

	With a grunt, Pilate leapt at the naga's shoulders—WHAM!—only to be savagely uppercutted by Razzar's wayward fist.  Whap!  The naga's claws clamped around Pilate's neck.  The zebra sputtered for breath, swung from Razzar's grip, and bucked both of his legs hard into the reptile's chest.  As Razzar leaned forward, Pilate slipped from his grasp, rolled around to his backside, and gripped his skull.  He then slammed Razzar's brow repeatedly into the edge of the pedestal.  "Rnngh!"  Wham!  "Gnngh!"  Thud!  "Haah!"  Whack!

	Groaning, Razzar swung both hands forward, gripped the edge of the pedestal, and stopped Pilate before he could impact his skull a fourth time.  He swung a talon out at the zebra, slicing across the stallion's right rear fetlock.  Sliiink!

	"Aaaaugh!" Pilate stumbled away from the glowing skystone.

	Standing up, Razzar clasped both hands together and slammed them down into Pilate's spine.

	Pilate sprawled out on the floor, wheezing for breath.

	Razzar grabbed the zebra by his tail and flung him mercilessly across the platform like a ragdoll.

	Pilate slipped across the rain-slick granite, rolled over Rainbow's body, and came to a jolting stop, lying face-up and wheezing.  Just as he struggled to get up, he heard the thud-thud-thuds of Razzar's charge.  Clank! The reptile's talon kicked the manasphere out from Pilate's choker.  Bzzzzt!  In an instant, the zebra's helm shorted out and he lost all sight.

	"Gaah!" Pilate gasped, his ears twitching.  He heard the rattling of the manasphere as it bounced off somewhere in the pitch-black darkness.  Desperate, he swung his aching limbs around and scrambled blindly for it.  He had barely moved a foot before Razzar found him again, lifted him off the ground, and tossed him clear across the windy platform.

	Pilated wheezed for breath.  All was confusion and thunder.  Around him, he sensed Stratopolis soaring faster and faster towards oblivion.



	"Where in Spark's name is it going?!" Eagle Eye shouted into the chilly air.

	"North," Roarke said from the Lounge's ship.  "At a constantly accelerating speed."

	"You know where it's headed?!" Ebon exclaimed.

	"It had to be done," Roarke droned, nevertheless staring towards the horizon in a pensive manner.  "Rainbow Dash and Pilate knew it as well..."

	"I don't get it..."  Ebon glanced nervously at the other ponies.  "What's the point?!  Why make Stratopolis take off like that?!"

	"The skystone deposits," Bellesmith murmured.  Kera looked worriedly at her as she said, "It can't be that far from here.  Approaching the glowing fields at full speed, not even a Sentinel like this would survive."  She gazed at the others.  "It would be the one and only way to eliminate the evil that Stratopolis had left locked away."

	"Eagle," Josho spoke.  "Do you 