see anymore pegasi swarms?"

	Eagle Eye shook his head.  "They were coming out of Stratopolis, but it's gone..."

	"Not quite gone," Zaid said, squinting north at the rapidly retreating structure.  "Still looks like a meteor's loogey from here..."

	"Rainbow's gonna fly out of that crazy place with Pilate, though, r-right?"  Ebon stammered. He turned and blinked at the others.  "Right?"

	Floydien hung his head.  Elma nervously clung to the cockpit's doorframe.

	Suddenly, the air roared with skystone engines.

	"Roarke...?!" Josho remarked.

	Roarke didn't reply.  She kept her rifle trained on the remaining three naga as she brought the vessel around, aiming it north.  "Get ready for cover fire!  Shoot any pegasus that isn't rainbow colored along the way!"  The thrusters flared bright and yellow.  "Cross me, and I'll turn each of you into naked hood ornaments!"  Thwoooosh!  The vessel soared towards the northern horizon.

	"Roarke!"  Josho gnashed his teeth.  "Dammit!"  He turned, glancing breathlessly at the others.  "Folks, if she's that scared..."

	Zaid stomped his hooves.  "The hell are we waiting for?!"  He galloped dowards the cockpit.  "Reindude?!"

	"The cockpit's mine, clown-clown!"  Floydien beat him to it, shoving his way past Bellesmith and Elma.  "Belt it up, boomers!  Nancy has a death city to catch!"

	"Go go go!" Eagle exclaimed, dragging Ebon along with him.

	As Josho galloped by, Belle lingered on the chilly deck, staring north with a pair of glossy eyes.

	"Belle...?"  Kera murmured, tugging on the mare's tail.  "Belle, we have to go now..."  She gulped.  "To help Daddy..."

	Belle bit her lip.  "Roarke... "  She whispered, tears forming.  "Roarke, please t-tell me this was all part of your plan..."

	"Belle!" Josho shouted from inside.  "Hop to it!"

	Gritting her teeth, Belle scooped Kera up and dashed into the cockpit before the door could close.  With throttling engines, the Noble Jury spun about and blasted its way north.  The Tarkinton had no choice but to cruise after the vessel, puttering along at a far tamer speed as it too followed the loose path of Stratopolis.

	
		//------------------------------//
		// Pilate is My Co Pilot		//------------------------------//

	The howling winds assaulted Pilate's ears, and yet still he could hear Razzar's sneering breaths.  With a claw-scraping stride, the naga approached the stallion's rear and kicked him hard in the flank, spilling blood.

	Pilate yelped in pain.  He rolled over, only to be picked up in two sets of scaled hands.

	"Grnnngh—The betrayer sent you?!  Hmm?!"  Growling, Razzar tossed Pilate across the platform.

	The zebra flew through darkness until he slammed into a pedestal.  He heard the clatter of skystone between pulses of pain.  The air calmed slightly, and he felt a shift in movement all around.  The crystal had been jostled slightly out of place on the north pedestal.  Stratopolis was slowing down.

	As Pilate struggled to get back up, he heard Razzar's voice approaching through the rain.  "How does it feel, pony?  To be weak?  To suffer the consequences of your failure?"

	"Nnnngh!" Snarling, Pilate galloped forward with a burst of strength and blindly bucked at the air.

	Suddenly, Razzar was behind him, slamming a talon down into the back of Pilate's neck.

	"Ooof!"

	The naga sneered in his ear.  "Once my brothers and I have control of this flying city, we'll do away with sniveling wretches like you."  A savage kick in the side.  Pilate rolled, his pained brain registering the angry speech.  "We will build a better world.  A stronger world.  One that won't breed accidents like you."

	Seething, Pilate got up—teetered left and right—and limped angrily towards the voice.  "Rrrrgh!"  He swung a hoof, hitting nothing but rainwater.

	Whap!  Another swat to the flank, this time slicing the skin with the edge of a claw.  "Yes.  That's it.  Struggle in the dark."  A prolonged hissing sound.  "I want your flesh devoid of hubris once I dig my teeth into it..."

	Pilate fel