l to his knees, shuddering in pain.  He took long, labored breaths, his ears constantly pelted by rain and moisture.  The world around him grew dull and numb.  For all he knew, he could have been the only living thing lost there in the darkness.

	So he took a deeper breath.  Pilate closed his blind eyes beneath the helm, tilting his head up and allowing the raindrops to splatter against his muzzle and trail down his cheeks.  He curled his forelimbs to his chest, feeling as his heartbeats grew further and further apart.

	He didn't think of the vengeful reptile stalking him through the darkness.  He didn't think of Rainbow's body lying dormant somewhere across the platform.  He didn't even think of Bellesmith's songful voice or Kera's tiny breaths.

	For the briefest of moments, Pilate was back in Blue Shelf, tending to the garden outside the cabin.  His mind ran circles around the various history texts he had just read with O.A.S.I.S back in his study.  Hypnotized by the cool spring breeze, Pilate planted flowers neatly in a row, compacting the rich soil around their roots.  His hooves brushed their petals, relishing in their delicate softness.  Each flower had a unique and enticing fragrance... all but one.

	Pilate's nostrils flared.  With twitching ears, he suddenly ducked.  The air whistled from a handful of claws above him.  Spinning around in an instant, he swung both front hooves blindly.  Wh-Wham!  They made contact with a soft, squishy lizard belly.  Razzar's rancid breath wheezed overhead, but Pilate wasn't finished.  He charged forward, ramming his skull into the reptile's sternum.  Once the naga had fallen hard to the ground, Pilate's rear fetlocks found their way to his ankles... and he savagely twisted.

	Razzar's legbone shattered down the center with a sickening snap.  The naga howled into the rain and thunder, clutching his sundered limb in agony as he writhed beneath the zebra.

	"Hressssshhhhctt!"  He seethed and hissed.  His jaws snapped at the air, and he fought through a sob to sputter, "How... h-how in Quezaat's name did you know—?!"

	"Thankfully..."  Pilate exhaled through a bitter grin.  "You smell as rank as the day you were hatched."  Then, with a triumphant grunt, he slammed both hooves down into the source of Razzar's voice.

	Thud!

	With a blood-gurgling wheeze, Razzar lay still, his unconscious breaths coming out in anguished bursts.

	Pilate shuddered from head to tail.  He stumbled backwards, almost slipping in the rain.  He heard a rattling sound, and he clenched his jaw shut, pausing his much needed breaths.  The rattling continued, rolling towards and past him.

	With a gasp, Pilate leapt for the sound.  He fell on his belly—but slid forward until the manasphere was in his grasp.  Fumbling, he clasped the thing back onto the choker hanging around his neck.  Snapping a wire or two into place with a splash of sparks, the zebra was painfully reintroduced to a strobing world of red-and-black lines.  Once again, he could make out the circular platform that had descended beneath the centermost structure of Stratopolis.

	He was lying right beside the platform's edge.  Far below, undulating waves of icebergs and frosted ocean water loomed.  Gradually, they dissipated, replaced by rising columns of steam.

	Pilate tilted his head north, but found it hard to "see."  A gigantic line danced with static energy before him.  A horizon of pure skystone loomed just within view, and it disrupted the flow of information through the zebra's Ocular Array.  Even from afar, he could hear an enormous roar—like a constant avalanche—devouring the sound of Stratopolis' maelstrom as the Sentinel approached the turbulent northern edge of the world.

	A petite body lay in the distance, its chest expanding and contracting with labored breaths.  Pilate galloped swiftly towards Rainbow Dash, leaping over the Sword of Solstice and Razzar's battered body.  He slid to a stop at the pegasus' side and shook her shoulder.

	"Rainbow Dash!"

	She didn't move.

	"Rainbow!"

	The