 mare's lips moved, her muzzle locked in a pained grimace.  She was still down for the count.

	Panting, Pilate gazed up at the north pedestal.  The skystone shard that Roarke had given him lay precariously on the teetering edge of the dais.  Beyond, the horizon continued to dance with static energy, threatening to short out his helm at any moment.

	The zebra gritted his teeth, shivering in the rain.  All around him, the roaring winds of Stratopolis formed a symphony of sound, serenaded by the distant banshee shrieks of winged undead.  Instinctually, his blind eyes blinked.



	Through the hull breech in the portside wall of the Ledo's Pride, Pilate could see the lush countryside of Ledomare looming in emerald brilliance.  Before him, five furnaces billowed, casting the glow of manafire across the zeppelin's engine room.

	He braced himself against a wall full of buckling, hissing instruments.  His muscles tightened as he prepared to spring for the levers closest to him.  The shrieks of innocent passengers lingered in his ears.  Acrid smoke wafted across his nostrils, but he was too busy holding his breath to suffer the pain of inhalation.

	Jaw clenched, the stallion leapt bravely forward, hurling his body at a wall of red-hot metal.



	Pilate didn't realize he was smiling until he had his hooves clamped around the skystone.  Grunting with pained breaths, he twisted and turned the shard until it attached firmly to the north pedestal once more.  Almost instantly, Stratopolis accelerated towards its destination.  The wind picked up, tripling in intensity.

	The Sword of Solstice slid towards the edge of the platform with a scraping sound.  Pilate slapped his hoof down over its hilt, anchoring it in place.  Undaunted, the stallion placed both hooves against the top of the skystone and pressed it down.  The more her forced the center of the shard towards the center of the pedestal, the more it billowed with sparkling energy.  His skin singed in several places from the rampant beams of mana.

	"Grnnn-nnngh!"  Weathering the pain, he forced the nebulous body of Stratopolis to increase its velocity.  The winds howled with a ghostly tempest.  The zebra's artificial field of vision turned to pure static as the skystone fields to the north came within a stone's throw.

	Something exploded to the far right.  Pilate swung his gaze aside in time to see something splitting down the middle.  An obelisk had sundered, shattering completely into thousands of pieces.  As a consequence, the half-dozen temples linked to it succumbed to gravity, descending into the arctic wastes below with dramatic sprays of ice and water.

	More explosions sounded off all around.  One obelisk at a time, Stratopolis crumbled.  The black shards flew along with the center structure, hurling towards the tempestuous crystalline fields ahead.  Above and beyond, the pained shrieks of pegasi echoed as their undead bodies burned alive, evaporating along with the unearthly slime that empowered them.

	By the time Pilate could see nothing but static, he spun around and made a mad dash across the platform.  He ran only two feet before falling hard to his chest.  The structure had tilted at an awkward angle, dangling the platform precariously along with it.  Rainwater slid sideways, shoving the three bodies towards the edge.  Pilate panted and floundered for hoofing, his fluctuating "vision" locked on Rainbow Dash.  One by one, the columns supporting the platform all around snapped, and Pilate's ears filled with the groaning implosion of the massive structure above him.


		//------------------------------//
		// All's Well That Ends Well		//------------------------------//

	Lighting bounced rapidly from obelisk to obelisk as Stratopolis broke up completely, dissolving into chunks of granite and prehistoric metals.  The city that once was the Sentinel of Urohringr turned to dust, crumbling and surging in every direction.  Bright flashes of otherworldly mana spelled its last cohesive gasp, and finally the entire place was consumed by skysto