ne.

	Roarke's copper lenses retracted as she gazed off the bow of the speeding Lounge vessel.  She leaned against the rifle in her grasp, her muzzle hanging agape.  She watched as the central structure of Stratopolis bent sideways, then shattered in a million different places.  From a distance, hundreds of pegasi bodies lifted briefly against the spreading flame, then melted in a conflagration of friction and energy.  Fields of red and amber skystone flew sky high with resounding explosions, until at last the energy that filled the desposits mushroomed upwards in bright and brighter bursts.

	A vaporous shockwave flew towards the rushing vessel.  Roarke's grip slipped from the controls.  As the mancraft rocked to a stop, she and the three naga struggled to keep upright.  She immediately rushed back towards the controls.

	"Stop!" one reptile hissed, pointing a gloved hand.  "The skystone will not let us go any further!"

	She hissed above the noise of erupting energy.  "Challenge me one more time, and I'll throw you overboard in pieces!"

	"Take us any further north, and the energy fields will do the same favor to us all!  You included!"

	Roarke seethed and seethed, her hooves locked to the controls as she glared north.

	"It was Master Razzar's plan to use the city to mine from the fields," another reptile said.  "If it is now destroyed, then there's no hope for anyone venturing there."

	With a rapid exhale, Roarke plopped down to her haunches.  Her ears folded back on either side of her braided mane.  Her lenses twitched and rotated as she focused on the fiery aftermath of the city's ill-fated plunge.  Just then, a skystone engine roared from behind.  She glanced sideways in time to see the Noble Jury arriving on a crimson stream of skystone energy.  It hovered to a stop right beside the Lounge's ship, and its cockpit door slid open.

	Bellesmith was the first to gallop out, followed by Josho, Eagle Eye, and Zaid.

	"Roarke!"  Belle scampered to the edge of the top deck.  She peered over the edge, her chestnut eyes reflecting the grand plumes of fire settling from the massive city's impact.  "Why... wh-why have you stopped?!  Did you find them?!"  She stared at the Lounge's vessel, breathless.  "Are th-they here?!  I don't see them!"

	The air was cold, bone-chilling, gusting with an undulating chill.

	"Roarke, did they..."  Belle gulped.  "Did they make it out of there in time?"

	The metal mare gazed off towards the burning horizon.  "I had everything in order," she murmured.

	"Wh-what?!" Josho exclaimed, frowning.  "Speak up, rust muzzle!"

	"I thought I had prepared everything..."  She tilted her head up, her face flexed in pain.  "To restore what I had t-taken away."  Roarke gulped.  "But now..."

	Eagle Eye and Ebon Mane exchanged nervous glances.

	Belle, teary-eyed, ran to the edge of the Noble Jury's deck and slapped her hooves against the side.  "Roarke, talk to me!  What's going on?!  Is Rainbow Dash alright?  Is... is m-my beloved..."

	"I'm sorry," Roarke said in a shuddering tone.  She tilted her head up with a clenched jaw.  "The ponies you love have proven their courage and bravery."  She took a deep breath.  "I thought I had anticipated at what cost.  But now..."  She couldn't finish her words.

	Belle leaned back, lips quivering.  "Roarke?  What... wh-what are you saying...?"

	Roarke hung her head.  She took a deep breath and prepared to speak—

	"Hey..."  Eagle Eye slurred.  "Hey!"  He galloped towards the ship's edge alongside Belle.

	"What is it?" Ebon asked.

	"Over there!" the ex-mercenary pointed towards the skystone fields.  "See?!"

	Zaid held a hoof over his squinting eyes.

	"I don't see a damned thing, kiddo," Josho muttered.

	But Eagle Eye was smiling... and smiling more and more and more and—"Floydien!"  He spun towards the open cockpit.  "Mr. Floydien!"

	"That is Floydien's name!  Don't spit it loosely!"

	"Bring us closer to the glowing fields!"

	"Has boomerette lost their mind?!  Nancy will be ripped apart—"

	