"Just four hundred meters!  Tops!  Trust me!"

	"I'd listen to him if I were you, space elk!" Zaid exclaimed.  "Unless you want me grabbing the controls from you and giving the heave-ho!"

	"Nnnng—Fine!"  The ship groaned and buckled as it turned around, cruising past the Lounge ship and towards the turbulent air between them and the skystone.  "But if too much glimmer breaks Nancy's bones, I'm tossing you first to the shark shark!"

	"Come on..."  Eagle Eye bounced up and down, slapping the edge of the deck.  "Come onnnnn..."

	Roarke watched from a distance as the Noble Jury soared towards the distant inferno.  She leaned forward, her copper-lenses adjusting to the sight.  With a blank expression, she re-gripped the reptiles' ship's controls and slowly drifted after the skystone vessel.

	The winds grew more and more chaotic as the Noble Jury approached the skystone fields.  Below, the waters roared and crashed against dull crystalline shoals.  The arctic air heated up, tossing a melted mist of sleet in every direction that coated the slick metal surfaces of the ship.

	Defying the elemental forces punishing the vessel from all angles, the Noble Jury nevertheless cruised towards its destination.  Eagle Eye galloped briskly from one side of the deck to the other and back, his vision constantly locked on one singular location.  At last, he gasped, pointing down low.  "There!  See?!"

	"See what, princess?!" Josho squinted.

	"Look for a streak of amber light!" Eagle sputtered, slicking his mane back in the frigid precipitation.  "Just above the waves!"

	"H-hey!"  Ebon gasped.  "I-I see it!"  He turned and shouted towards the cockpit.  "Down low!"

	"Beloved Nancy, Floydien hopes this invigorates you..."  Gritting his teeth, Floydien yanked at the controls, pushing the ship into a swift dive.

	Belle and the rest of the jurists clung to whatever they could to keep from flying off the top deck.  Spinning about, Belle's chestnut eyes caught sight of a lone source of flickering light, bobbing over the turblent waves, just moments from collapsing into the frigid brine.  As they came closer and closer, she gasped—for she saw three bodies aloft, with one grasping the other two in a courageous grip.

	"Beloved...?"

	"Ledo's spatula!"  Josho hissed, and rushed to the ship's edge.  "We gotta grab 'em!  Come on, girlie!"

	"Way ahead of you!"  Eagle Eye licked his lips and pointed a glowing horn forward.

	Josho's field merged once more with Eagle Eye's.  Before them, a web of translucent telekinesis materialized, floating alonside the edge of the ship.  Floydien brought the Noble Jury around in a sharp, banking curve, just in time to swing by the targets.

	Seconds before plunging into the tempestuous sea below, Pilate swung about, his helm rattling in the direction of the Noble Jury.  He had two things strapped to his back:  the Sword of Solstice, and a yellow-glowing jetpack made out of Lounge-tech.  Two bodies dangled under each hoof:  Rainbow Dash and a thoroughly battered reptile.  The zebra spun about, aimed himself for the unicorns' energy web, and cut his engines.  His body plunged—along with Rainbow's and Razzar's.  All three landed on the telekinetic field, sprung off it like a trampoline, and fell—sprawling—across the rain soaked deck of the Jury.

	Floydien immediately pulled the vessel up, coasting above the violently splashing waves of the arctic ocean below.  The Jury came about, soaring swiftly south before the rampaging energy of the bright skystone fields could cripple it from afar.  Not long after, it cruised to a hovering stop.  Roarke brought the Lounge's ship alongside it.  The metal mare left the controls and trotted to the edge of the platform, gawking at the scene.

	Josho, Eagle Eye, Zaid, and Bellesmith crowded around the three figures, chattering a million different things at once.  Their voices were shocked, exuberant, and breathless.  Hooves shook Rainbow's figure, and the pained pegasus stirred awake, her eyes blinking thinly—and confusedly—at all t