he jurists crowding around her.  She gasped as Eagle Eye slid in, hugging her tight and nuzzling her cheek raw.  With a sputtering breath, she looked across the way at Pilate.

	Groaning, the stallion stood up on wobbly legs.  He stripped himself of the Sword of Solstice and the nearly-spent jet pack.  Suddenly, he was being tackled, but he stood his ground, weathering the weight of Belle's intense hug.

	"Oh, thank the Spark!  You're alive!  You're alive!"  She kissed and kissed his neck and chin—anywhere that the stripes afforded her beneath his metal helm.  "Pilate!  Beloved!  I... I d-don't know what to say!"  She stared at him, eyes misty above a quivering grin.  "Did you just... did you just save Rainbow Dash and the rest of us single-hoofedly!"

	He leaned in to nuzzle her back.  "There there, love.  It is okay.  It is all okay now."  Pilate patted her shoulder as he stepped back.  "However, you must pardon me.  There is something I must still deal with..."

	"What...?"  Belle blinked, looking at him with melancholic confusion.  "Deal with what?"

	He gently brushed everypony aside, picked up Razzar's quivering body, and spun towards the edge of the deck.  "Rrrrrrrrghhh!"  Teeth gnashing, the zebra flung the naga onto the levitating deck of the Lounge's ship.  "Raaaaugh!"

	Th-Th-Thrump!  Razzar rolled to a stop, hissing in pain.  "Nnnnngh!"

	"Brother..."  The naga on board flinched and tilted their masks away, avoiding the sight of him.  "In Quezaat's name!  Your flesh is exposed—"

	"Quezaat's name?!"  Razzar pushed himself up with three good limbs.  "Gnnngh... Quezaat has been dealt an infuriating disservice today!"  He turned around, jaws dripping with drool and blood as he pointed an angry claw at the zebra on board the Noble Jury.  "All because of that insufferable horse!"  He sneered, "You robbed the Lounge of our one and only chance to protect these lands!  Do you know... do you have any idea what a calamitous fate you've brought upon the world?!"

	"I'm not a fan of breeder fights," Roarke droned.  "But it looks to me that the 'insufferable horse' has made you shed your skin early."

	"Choke on your own tongue, pony meat!"  Razzar briefly glared at her.  "You're the one who masqueraded as Vaughan, aren't you?!"  Growling, he hobbled up into a standing position, leaning his weight away from his shattered leg.  "Grnnngh!  I swear... with every ounce of honorable blood left in me..."  He glared at Pilate and Rainbow Dash in particular.  "I will hunt you to the ends of the earth and feed you your own entrails!  Every town and province—equine or reptilian—will know of your insidious treachery and foolishness!  And when I finally sink my teeth into that same flesh, I will enjoy the succulent taste of—"

	Taking a deep breath, Pilate suddenly pointed and hollered, "Weakness!"

	Razzar flinched.  The other naga glanced over, their silver masks glinting in the crimson light of the Jury.

	"B-beloved...?" Belle stammered.

	But Pilate marched towards the edge of the deck, continuing to shout:  "Your so-called leader is weak!"  His helm rattled as he spat, "He's nothing but a weak and foolish coward!  He's always been!"  His augmented gaze switched from one reptile to another.  "Why else would he have sent you on a fool's errand?  Attempting to dominate an uncontrollable ancient city that he couldn't even open up himself!  He needed Rainbow Dash—the Austraeoh—to do it!  And even when he had the heart of Stratopolis at his claws, he tainted it with his own impulsive measures, then forced everyone around him to suffer from the infection that he unleashed!"  Pilate scowled, his teeth showing as he grunted, "How many of your brethren did this weak 'leader' sacrifice—unnecessarily—for a futile goal, when instead he could have been bolstering your balance of power over the Wastes?  And just how many more brethren will fall if he carries you onward to another vain crusade?!"

	The naga glanced coldly at one another, their bodies stock still in the misty rain.

	"I've had a