bout all I can take of ponies..."  Razzar hobbled towards the ship's edge.  "Brothers, ready your rifles."  He sneered.  "Send them to the abyss, along with Stratopolis—"

	A gloved hand grabbed his shoulder and threw him to the floor of the deck.

	"Ooof!"  He fell on his back, writhing.  "What—?!"  He spat up at his comrades.  "Traitorous fools!  I gave you a command!  Obey me!"

	"The horse speaks true, brother," one naga said, standing over him.

	"Your weakness is a sin," another murmured, crouching low.  "A frailty that the Lounge can no longer allow."

	"And you very well know..."  The third crowded in with the rest.  "...the cost of weakness."

	"Wh-what...?!"  Razzar's slitted eyes twitched.  He started to hyperventilate.  "Brothers!  You don't understand!  I was almost v-victorious!  We were almost victorious!  I had the pegasus and the zebra right where I wanted them!  I c-could have saved the city!"  He curled up and hugged himself under the converging shadows of the three.  "Stop!  I b-beg of you!  I... I..."  In a cowardly squeak, he held both hands straight out.  "D-do not look!  I am shamefully exposed b-before Quezaat!"

	"Do not worry, brother."  One by one, the naga removed their masks.  With puffs of steam, drool-slick jaws of razor sharp teeth emerged from their hoods.  "We shall hide your shame from Quezaat... in our bellies."

	"No... No, brothers!  I beg of you!  Don't!  Please!  Don't—NO!"

	"HRESSSSHAAAAA!"  The Lounge all lunged forward, their jaws digging into the squirming flesh of the once-Razzar.  His blood curdling screams got lost in their teeth and claws as they thoroughly dismantled him from the outside-in.

	A pool of blood spread outward from their crouching bodies, lapping up against Roarke's horseshoes.  Slowly, the metal-mare glanced up, staring past the scarfing and chomping reptiles.  Slowly, with a glint to her lenses, she smiled.

	On board the Jury, Eagle Eye vividly flinched, turning about to bury his face in Ebon's shoulder.  Ebon gawked at the violent scene with wide eyes, but nevertheless reached over to pat Eagle Eye's shoulder.

	Out of nowhere, Zaid drifted over, rubbing his chin as he squinted at the debacle.  "So, then..."  He murmured aside to the ship's cook.  "...getting ideas for a casserole?"

	"Eeeeunngh..."  Ebon ran—green-faced—to the opposite deck.  Gasping, Eagle Eye worriedly galloped after him.

	Zaid smirked in Josho's direction, and the obese stallion merely rolled his eyes.

	Pilate stood stock-still, breathing solidly through an unwavering muzzle.  With a slight limp, Rainbow Dash got up and trotted over to his side.  "Uhhh... y'know, Stripesy..."  She glanced at him with squinting eyes.  "You could totally have just crushed his skull or something when you beat him within an inch of his life up on the platform."

	Pilate sighed long and hard.  "Rainbow Dash..."  He turned and gave her an exhausted smile.  "After all you've been through, before and after you met us, I'm surprised that you haven't learned to savor the finer taste of irony."

	Rainbow Dash smirked devilishly.

	Pialte smirked devilishly back.

	Rainbow raised her hoof and gave his shoulder a fine swat.  "Welcome to Club Awesome, buddy.  How's it feel?"

	"Very..."  Pilate paused, fidgeted.  "...fuzzy."

	"Heh.  If you say so."

	He chuckled back.  Then slowly turned to gaze at Belle.

	Belle stared at him lovingly, her cheeks rosy beneath sparkling chesnut eyes.

	He pivoted towards her, smiling under his metal helm.  He moved his muzzle to speak—

	"Daddy...?"

	Pilate's jaw hung agape.  His features went slack as a pale sheen wafted across his stripes.  Slowly, he trotted around, gazing towards the open cockpit.

	Floydien stood beside Elma.  The elk and changeling exchanged glances, then slowly shuffled apart, revealing a shivering little foal staring out onto the top deck with wide green eyes.

	Silent words escaped Pilate's lips.  His brow furrowed under the helm, and he shuffled forward—one stiff fetlock after ano