ainbow droned.  The pegasus leaned against the railing, staring down into the spacious compartment below.  "She didn't exactly present herself as friendship material."

	"And yet, from what I've been told, all it took was five rounds of buttkicking for you to learn her right!"  Zaid winked as he hoisted the ball up, over his flank, onto his shoulders, then balanced on the square of his head.  "Seems like you two made rapid progress!  Ya can't harsh that!"

	"Zaid, she's gone.  Will you drop it?"

	"Nah.  I've kept this thing off the floor for thirty consecutive minutes.  I'm trying to challenge myself."

	Rainbow merely groaned.

	Zaid tongued the inside of his mouth.  He whistled for a few seconds, cleared his throat, and then leaned towards her.  "Y'know... in speaking of challenges..."

	"Mmmm..." Rainbow merely hummed.

	"I can't help but feel like a certain pony has been coming short."

	"Oh really...?"

	"Yeah really.  For sure for sure."  He smirked.  "A pony who has had every opportunity imaginable to rise up out of the deepest pits, but for some reason has chosen instead to stay cold, distant, and downright unsexy."

	Rainbow's jaws tensed.  "Before you start, Zaid, don't.  I know I've been treating most ponies at forelimb's length, but it's because I wanna stay concentrated on the journey.  There's a Strip of Flurries for us to fly through and—"

	"Yeah yeah yeah.  I ain't worried about you, girl.  That's like being paranoid about my own large intestine imploding.  It's a little too silly of a notion to sit on.  Hah!  Sit on!  Get it?"

	Rainbow groaned, rolling her eyes.

	"Nah, Rainbow, I'm not worried about you."  Zaid gulped then said, "It's your friends that I'm freaked out about.  Belle and Pilate—sure—but not just them, but Kera too.  And Props.  And Ebon and that princessy mare that he keeps hanging out lately.  Heck, even Floydazar and Joshochu in the flesh."  Zaid stared up at the ceiling, spinning the ball atop a raised hoof.  "Let's see... am I forgetting anypony...?"  He turned to blink at Rainbow.  "The Professor.  Did I mention him yet?"

	"It's been a tough journey for all of us," Rainbow muttered.  "And need I remind you what happened only two weeks ago?"

	"No.  You needn't... needle... nerdgasm...?"  Zaid went cross-eyed, then shook it off.  "I get it.  Life sucks and then you blow.  Still, I dunno about you, but the only thing I'll ever roll over for is a threesome with Japaneighs Schoolfillies.  So we've been through the fire and the flame.  Big whoop.  There's plenty of life to make music out of, and lately there's been a whole lot off sighing off key."

	"Yes, Zaid, I've noticed—"

	"Have you?"  Zaid raised an eyebrow.  "The only reason I came in here to begin with is to walk off the goosebumps I got after being given the third degree by your best friend!"

	Rainbow blinked quizzically at him.  "Belle?"

	"No, the seapony with a red mane and a thing for forks.  Of course I mean Belle!  Or at least, 'It Came From the Belle Dimension.'  Pffffft... if you ask me, she's exchanged 'lovely and funny' for 'nihilistic and stuck-up,' not to mention the fact she clings to Kera like a friggin' ball and chain.  And even after saying that I can't honestly claim to know who is the one tied to who."

	"They've been through a lot, Zaid," Rainbow muttered.  "Give them time."

	"They've got time!" Zaid cackled.  "I've got time!  You've got time!  Everypony on this friggin' ship has got time—but nothing to fill it with, and certainly not hugs!  Also, correct me if I'm wrong, but am I the only one who hasn't forgotten that one of your friends went blind?"

	"What are you trying to get at...?"

	"Come on, gurl!  You've got wings!"  Zaid balanced the ball to another hoof so that he could reach over and nudge her.  "Swoop in and catch them!  Before they fall too deep into the pit as it is!"

	"They're alive and they're healthy."

	"They're miserable!  Even a blind zebra could see that—and I bet he does!  Every day of his friggin' life, as of late!"  