ther.  Rainbow gazed after him, and she was no less shocked at the sight of the filly.  Her wings drooped at her side as she struggled to say something.  A warm hoof grazed her shoulder.  She glanced aside at Belle, shivering in confusion.  Belle merely smiled, then held both hooves over a sniffling muzzle as she gazed at the scene in anticipation.

	Pilate shuffled through the rainpuddles, then stood before the tiny child.  He knelt down with a splatter, then reached up to his helm.  Wincing slightly, he pulled the Ocular Array off his head.  A pair of clear eyes twitched blindly in the misty air.  Exhaling, he dropped his gear, then slumped against his haunches.  One limb after another, he reached forward—feeling around—until at last his hooves made contact with Kera's tiny horn.  He stroked down her face, grazing one tattoo after another, then felt her tiny, quivering chin.  Her muzzle moved against him as she quietly murmured.

	"Pilate..."  A whimpering smile.  "...you came back..."

	Pilate's face contorted, halfway between a sob and a laugh.  "So did you, precious..."  He almost instantly grimace, his blind eyes welling with tears.  "Kera... Kera, darling."  A gulp.  "I'm sorry... I'm so very sorry... for everything..."

	She sniffled, then slid forward, nuzzling her cheek along the length of his limb until she was embracing his chest.  "Don't.  Don't be sorry."  She hugged him, tears flowing.  "Be here."

	The zebra exhaled heavily.  He wrapped his limbs around her and held her close.  "I am... forever and ever.  I promise you."  He choked on a sob and nuzzled her mane.  "I promise."

	The two rocked together within the doorframe to the Noble Jury.

	Rainbow Dash sat back with a look of mixed confusion and joy.  She glanced down at the Sword of Solstice, its metal reflecting pure starlight from above.  Then she looked up at Belle.

	Belle stood in place, quietly crying as she watched the scene from afar.

	Suddenly, Pilate's ears twitched, pivoting towards Belle's figure.  Without saying a word, he reached a hoof out, beckoning.

	Belle squeaked through a melting smile and galloped forward.  She slid across the wet deck and collapsed into the other two.  The three chuckled briefly before enshrouding each other in a joint, familial embrace.  Belle and Pilate nuzzled each other while Kera sat nestled between them, no longer cold and shivering.  The couple's necks rested over an opposite shoulder while their hooves remained locked as one.

	Zaid leaned back against a skystone-supporting mast, folding his forelimbs as he smirked with pride.

	Josho trotted over to Ebon and Eagle Eye.  The old stallion tapped the ex-mercenary's shoulder.  Eagle then shook Ebon out of his nausea so that the two could turn about and properly ingest the warm scene.  Not longer after, the throttling of manaship engines shook them out of their tranquility.

	Pilate, Belle, and Kera looked up to see the Tarkington roaring to a loud hover besides the Noble Jury.  It pivoted about broadly, and not long after its port side door opened with a cold hiss.  Props and Seclorum were already there, bracing themselves against the frame.

	"Well, will you look at that," Seclorum managed through a breathless smirk.  "Guess not all was lost after all..."

	"Is... Is that Kera?!"  Props stammered, raising her goggles so she could stare with wide eyes.

	"Yes..."  Belle nodded from where she huddled with Pilate and the filly in question.  "Yes, it is..."

	"Are..."  Props leaned forward so far that Arcshod had to rush forward and grab her by her tail.  "Are you sure...?"

	Kera poked her head out, blinking.  "Props?"  Her muzzle scrunched.  "Why are you inside a big flying turd?"

	Props grinned from ear to ear.  "Eeeeeeee!"

	Pilate chuckled and ruffled the filly's mane.  "Does that answer your question?"

	"Yaaaaaaay!"  Props hopped up and down, much to Arcshod's exasperation.  "The Jury's back in session!  The Jury's back in sessionnnnn!  Wooooohoooo!"

	"What's with all the bloomin' noise?!"  Prowse trott