ed over and poked his head out.  He instantly smirked.  "Well, if that's not a beaut, I don't know what is."  Several ponies from within the Tarkington clapped their hooves and cheered.  Others murmured in relief.

	Rainbow Dash breathed nervously, her eyes darting back and forth from the airships to the burning plume in the distance.  "I... uh... I don't think we should stay here for too long..."

	Zaid glanced over.  "Why not?"

	"I mean..."  Rainbow winced, adjusting the pendant around her neck.  "Maybe n-not all of the pegasi died in the fall of Stratopolis?  They could be swarming us any second..."

	Zaid calmly smiled.  "Rainbow, we're fine."

	"But you'll never know if maybe some of the ooze survived in the ocean and could be bubbling beneath us this very moment and—"

	"We're fine."  Zaid reached over and touched her shoulder.  "Calm down and look around you."  He grinned.  "We saved the day..."

	"But... b-but..."

	"We saved the day..."  Zaid winked and leaned back against the mast.  "We saved the day."

	Rainbow panted and panted.  She gulped.  "We saved the day."

	He nodded.  "We saved the day."

	"Yeah..."  Her wings relaxed around her as she smiled weakly.  "Yeah, okay..."  She nodded and gazed about.  "Okay..."  Her eyes fell upon Roarke.

	Roarke stared back, her copper lenses cooly reflecting the mirth on board the Noble Jury.

	Rainbow Dash's smiled some more.

	Roarke's lips twitched, almost curving.

	Rainbow Dash trotted towards her—but suddenly jerked to a stop.  She sensed a shadow outside her peripheral vision.  Spinning, she turned towards the ship's stern.

	An equine shape was perched just above the hangar doors.

	Curious, Rainbow Dash trotted towards the end of the ship.  She then galloped and skid to a stop, breathless.

	A changeling was perched on the hull.  It gazed down at Rainbow Dash, its expression neutral at first.  Then, as Rainbow stood in its shadow, the shapeshifter's muzzle flickered green... then relaxed in a freckled orange smile.

	Rainbow gulped, then sat down calmly.  "You..."  She fidgeted.  "...you're fr-free?"

	Applejack slowly, slowly nodded.  "For the first time, darlin'..."

	Rainbow's eyes darted sideways for a moment.  "How... uh... does it feel?"

	"You tell me."

	Rainbow's gaze jerked back to her.  At last, she murmured, "Frightening.  Like a calm before a storm."

	"And what if the storm's behind y'all?"

	Rainbow winced, then said.  "I find that hard to wrap my head around."

	"You and me both, darlin'."  Applejack smiled.

	Rainbow smiled back.  Eventually, she asked, "Chrysalis.  Is she...?"

	"Gone."  Applejack's eyes glittered with starlight.  "Or... maybe... we're the ones who are gone.  And she's the one who's lost..."

	Rainbow took a deep breath, her jaw tight.  "In Val Roa..."

	Applejack slowly, slowly nodded.

	Rainbow glanced back at her friends.  Cheers echoed between the Noble Jury and the Tarkington.  After a deep breath, she looked back.  "Where will you go now?"

	"Nowhere..."  Applejack shrugged.  "Everywhere."  She then smiled again.  "The funny thang about home... I reckon it's anywhere you are, so long as you have love."

	Rainbow's ears folded across her head.  "I... I fear I've forgotten what that feels like."

	Applejack giggled.  "No ya haven't..."

	Rainbow's jaw dropped.  A tear ran down her face as she smiled.  "Thanks... uhm..."  She rubbed her face dry with a trembling forelimb.  "For—y'know—everything."

	"Thank yerself, darlin'.  And reward yerself."  Applejack's hoof reached forward.  "While ya still have time..."

	A shudder ran through Rainbow's body.  She closed her eyes and leaned forward... forward.  Seconds oozed by, and all she felt was a cascade of warmth.  Gasping, her eyes fluttered open.

	Applejack was gone.  A black figure flitted off into the distance on dragonfly wings.  It joined a hovering swarm of onyx dots that blanketed the stars.  Then, as one, the swarm of changelings flew off, disappearing into the frosted horizon.

	Ra