inbow Dash exhaled, clasping two hooves over her pendant as she bore a tender smile.

	"...I will."

	
	


		//------------------------------//
		// Denouement, Thy Name Is "Fluffy"		//------------------------------//

	For the first time in eons, the Strip of Flurries was no more.  The swirling clouds dissipated from the arctic skies, giving way to a frosty breeze that rolled and undulated over the northern wastes.  All that remained of Stratopolis was a smoldering plume of smoke and flame to the north, and even that was settling, falling, receding into the glowing skystone fields beyond reach.

	The waters below had become a placid sheet immaculately reflecting a field of stars above.  Against the cosmic canvas, three dark shapes floated tightly together, cruising their way southeast and away from the turbulent northern edge of the world.



	"He had lived eighteen long years in that damnable city," Seclorum muttered, leaning limply against a bulkhead inside the Tarkington.  On either side of him, thoroughly exhausted ponies laid down peacefully, getting some much needed sleep.  "When ill-fortune befell him, he... wasn't all that shocked or sad about it."  The old enforcer gulped, staring off at the stars beyond the open door in the side of the ship.  "He simply accepted what happened... as well as what he felt like he had to do."

	Rainbow Dash took a deep breath.  Her body was freshly bandaged in several places, and she fluttered across from Seclorum, weathering the cold breeze from the arctic air outside.  "I wish I could have been in two places at once," she said.  "The Sword of Solstice could totally have cleaned the gunk off him."

	"Hey..."  Seclorum smiled weakly.  "You were off being a hero for the rest of us."

	"Heh... it was Pilate who saved the day, not me."

	"You know what I mean."  Seclorum cracked the kinks in his neck and spoke, "If it weren't for you, none of us would be here right now.  You risked your neck to make sure we got off that friggin' death trap.  I'm sure, if worse came to worst, you would have given your life to do the same thing."  He winced slightly.  "Like Aatxe did..."

	"He really held back those nasty creatures, huh?" Rainbow remarked.

	"Oh, totally."  Seclorum nodded.  "Gave us the window of opportunity we needed to book it to the Tarkington.  He may never have gotten the chance to set hoof on his ship again, but his spirit's here... running the thing from the inside out."

	"Yeah.  Just using a pale stallion with a red mane as his host."

	Seclorum chuckled dryly.  "That agreement was between Prowse and Aatxe.  But, so far, Prowse is keeping true to his word.  I've... uh... never been very good at running airships.  I've always been a ground soldier.  But I have no doubt Prowse will be able to get us to where we need to go."

	"And just where is that?"

	Seclorum sighed, rubbing his chin as he muttered, "To be honest, I've never thought it straight through.  I guess I never thought we'd actually get out of that place."  He looked at Rainbow fixedly.  "We obviously have to swing by Xona, so that Arcshod can properly escort his majesty home.  But... where would we go?  What province or border, I mean?"

	"Pretty much any one you'd reach first," Rainbow said with a smirk.  "What, with the war being over and all."

	"And that just blows my mind..."  Seclorum gazed thinly out the starry doorframe.  The Noble Jury and the Lounge's ship cruised within spitting distance.  "After all I've given... an entire life of hard work and fighting..."  He grimaced slightly.  "Peace could happen overnight?  True peace?"

	Rainbow gestured.  "You saw it happened here in the Wastes, didn't ya?"

	He glanced at her again.  "That's different.  You are different.  I mean..."

	Rainbow simply stared at him.

	His ears folded.  "You... really... truly brought a stop to the war on the eastern front, didn't you?"

	"Well, I had help..."  Rainbow smirked, her tail swishing back and forth.  "That nasty chaos dragon didn't exactly pile-drive itself into the ground