, though..."

	Seclorum sat back on his haunches, shaking his head.  "It amazes me.  You're capable of kicking so much flank, and yet... in the end... you're all about changing the world, aren't you?"

	Rainbow gulped.  "For the better, I hope."

	"You find that hard to believe?"

	She hung her head.  "Every so often, the body count certainly makes me think twice."

	"And if you hadn't flown this way...?"  Seclorum blinked.  "Could you imagine the cost of a war that would waged on?  Or the toll that Stratopolis would have had on me and everyone I cared for...?"

	Rainbow said nothing.  Her face hung between a smile and a sigh.

	"There was a time when I thought that being a good soldier meant taking the moral risks that nopony else could afford to do," Seclorum said.  "Because you always knew that you were tasked with accomplishing something for the greater good."

	Rainbow tilted her head up.  "What do you believe now?"

	"Now, having met you, I'm starting to believe that the strongest ponies are those who do what they object to doing, so that others can more properly enjoy the peace that they themselves sacrifice."  He grimaced slightly.  "For the longest time, I neither loved nor hated what I did in war.  I just... pretended not to care."  His nostrils flared as he stared off into space.  "I'm suddenly not very proud of a lot of things."

	"You couldn't afford to feel.  I can understand."

	Seclorum glared at her.  "Can you?  Do you?"  His lips curved slightly.  "With the kingdom of harmony you've described having come from?"

	Rainbow fidgeted.

	"I now know I was wrong about what I did in Stratopolis," Seclorum said.

	Rainbow looked at him.

	He sighed and smiled wearily.  "Mercy and kindness would have saved our hides long ago."

	"I dunno if it would have saved you, but I'm pretty sure it would have made things better," Rainbow said.  "That's the least you ponies deserved while you wasted away up there."

	"We didn't deserve anything that we didn't earn," Seclorum said.  "We were prisoners long before we were ever dumped into that floating turdtropolis.  Between the war, fealty to a heartless empress, and hatred for a race of unicorns that... quite frankly... I find pretty alright..."  He leaned back against the bulkhead, sighing.  "I dunno about everypony else, but—speaking for myself—I've been a prisoner for a long... long time."

	"Do you feel free now?"

	"Almost."  His eyes darted up to Rainbow's.  "Could that be what you gave Josho?"

	"Well, he more or less gave it to himself."

	"It's a great feeling."  Seclorum nodded.  "And a sad one.  For the first time in decades, I feel scared for my own flank, and I think it's rather riveting."

	"Enjoy the rush."  Rainbow smiled weakly.  "And make the best of it."  Her eyes narrowed.  "By making sure other ponies do too."

	"I'm certain it's what Aatxe would have wanted."

	"That, and cleaning the crap out of his ship."

	"Heh..."



	"The energy reserves are fluctuating," Props stammered, trotting circles around the central dais of the Tarkington engine room where the manacrystal was situated.  "It's been somewhat erratic, but I do believe I've stabled the manaflow through several lateral conduits.  If you keep the buffers rotating on a regular basis, you'll have enough juice to get you to either continent and back."

	"That sounds brill, Propsicle," Prowse said, standing in the doorway to the engine room.  "You've done a mighty fine job."

	She kept pacing.  "Still, as soon as you get to the mainland, you'll wanna get the core replaced.  That and get a full rehaul of the steam thrusters.  Many of the interior pipes are blocked up with frozen grime and it's gonna take—like—a gazillion pony hours getting all the kerfluffle washed out so everything is squeaky cleany again!"

	"Lass..."

	"I-I guess I could try running a manaconduit towards the ship's bow so that we might construct a crude energy discharge device that the Tarkington could use to ward off pirates between here and Xona, though I real