ly don't think that's gonna be a problem since the sexy tattooed guys are no longer wanting to tear airborn ponies' tails off and—"

	"Props..."  Prowse hobbled over and pulled her towards him with his good forelimb.  She shivered slightly staring up at him with bright blue eyes.  He smiled.  "Slow down for once..."

	"Did..."  She blinked.  "D-did you want to discuss tweaking the starboard stabilizers?  Cuz I'm still working on that!"

	"I just want to hold my niece," he said, leaning in to nuzzle the top of her head.  "And tell her how proud I am of her."

	Props smiled crookedly.  She sniffled and rubbed her cheek against his stubbled chin.  "I-I can make you even prouder!  Wait until we get back to Gray Smoke!"

	"Props..."

	"We can re-open the shop!"  She grinned from ear to ear.  "With all the gizmo-smarts you've gathered between here and there, you can set up a new bustling manaconduit trade!"  She winked.  "We'll show those bit-grabbing sooters who's who!"

	"Props, lass, I'm not going back to Gray Smoke," Prowse said.

	Props gazed up at him, her jaw dropping.  "You're... you're n-not?"

	He slowly shook his head.  "I made a promise to a very good friend of mine," he said.  "Aatxe gave me this ship for one express purpose—and that's to get the rest of these ponies to safety."

	"But... but we'll be going back to Gray Smoke afterwards, r-right?"

	"I lost bloody everything when the changelings replaced me, remember?"  He sighed through a weary smile.  "I'm a broke stallion.  All I've got is a few good deeds to do, and then I'm having to climb my way back up to the top."

	"Well, I-I can give you a boost!  Just leave it to me, Unky Prowsy!"  She smirked, bouncing in place.  "We'll get you a new shop in no time!  I've learned quite a few things in my poofing around the clouds, y'know!"

	"I've no doubt of that, Propsicle.  But you have to understand—"

	"You've always wanted to be on top of the metal trade!  You're not exactly ancient, Unky Prowsy!  We can get you back on track!"

	"What is it you want, lass?"

	"To... to h-help you..."  Props blinked, her lips quivering.  "Don't you believe me?"

	"I do," he said with a nod.  "And I also know that I've got plenty of fine mares and stallions on board this here Tarkington to help me all the same.  I've got a nice future waiting for me.  You know this too."

	"Well... s-sure... but I could be helping you to, y'know..."

	"Is that what you want?"

	"I... I want..."  Props bit her lip.

	Prowse stared quietly at her.

	She sniffled and leaned her cheek against his chest.  "Seeing Kera alive and squeaky again," she murmured.  "And Ebon and Eagle all kissy kissy... and Mr. Handsome in one piece again..."  She whimpered inwardly, her eyes watering.  "I want that too.  I want all of it."  She hiccuped, burying her face in his chest.  "Mmmmf... Pilate and Belle are nuzzling each other.  Elma's making miracles happen.  Rainbow's performing backflips.  Josho's not farting for once..."

	"Hmmmm..."  Prowse gently patted her shoulder.  "Do you remember, Propsicle, why I took you in so long ago in the first place?"

	"Mmmmmm..."  She sniffled and nodded against his chest.  "Mmmm-hmmmm..."

	"I made a promise to your folks that I would give you a family."  He caressed her mane.  "And a home."  His face grew long for a brief moment.  "If I drag you away now, I'd be breaking that promise with them."

	She tilted her teary face up towards him.  "I adora-love them, Unky Prowsy."  She gulped.  "The whole fluffy kitten bag full of them.  I wanna see them get someplace safe and happy.  And... and I don't think they can make it without me."

	"Pffft.  You kidding?"  He ruffled her mane.  "Toilet-headed pegasi be damned!  You're the backbone of that ship!  I don't care how many bloomin' sword-hilts Rainbow shoves into her muzzle."

	"Heeheeheee..."  Props giggled, rosy-cheeked.  She rubbed her eyes dry but nevertheless stared up at him with a pouting expression.  "But I looked around so super-long for you.  What kind of a niec