e would I be if I let you go now?"

	"Heh... are you bloody kidding?"  He kissed her forehead and smirked into her face.  "You think you can get away with me that easily?"

	"Huh...?"

	He chuckled.  "I ain't sitting down on this 'changeling business' just because I got my arse saved by a bunch of explosions!  There's more to all this than just the survivors on board the Tarkington.  Once I've returned Lasairfion and the rest to their hometowns, I'm gettin' to the bottom of this whole mess.  If that means heading east and snooping around Val Roa, then so be it.  Face it, lass, Gray Smoke is no longer the life for me.  Pffft... I was gettin' sick and tired of that rusted chimney factory anyways..."

	"Really?"  Props' eyes sparkled.  "Then why'd you stay there for so long, Unky Prowsy?"

	He winked at her.  "You think it was all about you taking care of me?"

	Props bit her lips, suppressing a happy squeal.

	He nuzzled her once again.  "I love the hell outta ya, lassie.  And I'll be damned if this is the last I see you.  But for now..."  He caressed her chin.  "Go where your heart takes you.  It's what I've always bloody done, and look at what life's given me!  It's dropped you in my lap from across a frozen sea.  And—odds are—your rump will come bouncing my way again."

	"Yeah..."  Props giggle-snorted with a nod.  "With extra rump-tastic-ness!"

	"Now that's more like it."  Prowse winked.  "I knew that the tiny filly that used to climb into potato launchers was still inside ya."

	She sighed and quietly wept into his chest.  "Mmmm—I never thought I'd find my inner potato launcher againnnnnnnnn..."

	"Go east, my girl..."  He patted her shoulder as the two rocked as one.  "Spread the joy of potato launchers everywhere you go..."

	"I will, Unky.  I willlllll-hi-hi-hi-hilllllllll..." She sobbed for joy.
		//------------------------------//
		// The Rarest Fire Still Burns		//------------------------------//

	"It behooves me to mention once again..." Roarke droned.  "...that I have claimed all your weapons as my own.  That being said, we all know that you have the resources and wits to get out of the wastes safely.  I suggest you return home to your brood."  Her copper lenses glistened menacingly in the starlight.  "Because if you don't, I will track you down and feed you more than your own skin."

	"We'll pretend not to be insulted by the fact that you still feel the need to threaten us," one of the three Lounge members stated.  They stood side by side on their ship across from the Jury.  In the cold arctic air, their outfits once again brimmed with steam and amber light.  "You have ridden us of the burden of a weak leader.  We can now continue to accomplish that which we originally set out to do years ago."

	"And just what is that?" Josho asked from the sidelines.

	Meanwhile, Rainbow Dash glided in from the Tarkington and touched down on the opposite end of the deck.  She quietly gazed at the exchange.

	"Keeping the skyways safe for trade and mercantilism," a naga said.  "With the Strip of Flurries no longer an issue, and the War in the West fully ended, we will be needed now more than ever."

	Roarke's teeth grinded.  "If you so much as think of transporting slaves and unjust prisoners anymore—"

	"To fall back on our own habits would be an unforgiveable act of frailty," one spoke.  "All Razzar's methods ever brought us was a cycle of anguish and failure.  It would not be beneficial to us—or any other creatures—to repeat that."

	Another Lounge member nodded.  "We owe it to your intervention for teaching us that, Roarke Most Rare."

	"Yeah."  Josho smirked.  "And all it took was the deaths of half your crew to accomplish it."

	"Breeder..." Roarke hissed out the side of her muzzle.

	"Vaughan's and the other's deaths were the consequences of their own failures," the Lounge said.  "If their passing means that the ones still alive can warn the world of the Changeling Queen, then so be it.  We will honor their memories under the shadow of Quezaat."

	"Make sure