 you do that," Roarke said.  "Just... far away from here."

	"Please believe us," they said.  "We have no long-standing affinity for this place.  The Wastes can—in the words of ponies—go buck themselves."

	That said, one naga signaled to the rest.  The others nodded, then turned around.  All three marched slowly into the bowels of the ship while the outer hull slid shut like a giant black clam shell.  With a flash of amber light, the Lounge's ship spun around, descended, banked, and cruised its way east over the frozen waters.

	Roarke took a deep breath, watching the ship disappear like a black dot along the starry horizon.

	Josho shuffled forward.  "From what I hear, you were on board that claustrophobic ship for a long-ass time."  He squinted at her.  "Feel a sense of attachment?"

	"I am elated to be rid of its smell," Roarke grunted.  She turned and glanced at several crates full of dismantled weaponry and energy conduits.  "Besides..."  She slid a hoof out from her cloak and felt along the metal braces clinging to her limb.  "...I got what I wanted out of the whole debacle.  An arsenal.  The makings of a new suit.  A transport..."

	Josho raised an eyebrow.  "A transport?"

	"Mmmm.  Yes.  Vaughan's personal craft, a rather small yet utilitarian thing.  Assuming it still exists beyond the former boundaries of Stratopolis, then I might be able to make a swift—"  She turned, her copper lenses reflecting several colors.  Roarke's words cut off.

	Josho glanced at Rainbow Dash, then back at Roarke.  "Ahem..."  He shuffled past the two mares.  "I'm going to go... be fat elsewhere..."  He marched his way down the stairwell.  "...preferrably below deck.  Well outside of knife range."

	Once he was gone, the wind occupied the upper deck with a deep chill.  Somehow, only Roarke was trembling.  When Rainbow Dash shuffled forward, the bounty hunter's strong gaze fell to her hooves.  She may have even squirmed slightly.

	"Hey..." Rainbow murmured.

	Roarke took a deep breath.  Avoiding Rainbow's gaze, she droned, "I hear you found a sword."

	Rainbow blinked, then nodded.  "Uhhh... yeah.  An ancient artifact belonging to Commander Hurricane.  From what I can tell, it's totally still filled with the same burning power that allowed her to drive the undead pegasi back to the heart of Stratopolis."

	"So... an efficient killing device?"

	Rainbow opened her mouth, blinked, and ultimately rolled her eyes.  "Or, y'know, a righteous tool."

	"We all call weapons what we like to, so long as they service us."

	"Nnnngh..." Rainbow face-hoofed.

	"I had not anticipated the presence of such a blade.  If I had, perhaps I would have unearthed it myself and presented it to you—"

	"Roarke..."  Rainbow glared up at her.  "Why did you come back?"

	Roarke stood dead still, saying nothing.

	"Roarke, look at me."

	The metal mare nervously obeyed.  A pale brown face hung from the fully retracted lenses.

	Rainbow leaned forward, eyes thin.  "I told you to scram.  I yelled at you.  I..."  She winced.  "I treated you like manure, and yet... here you are.  All of that infiltration of the Lounge.  The stuff you gave Pilate.  Commandeering the lizards' ship like you did..."  She bit her lip before blurting, "Why?"

	"Back in Searo's Hold, we gave our lives for the legacy of the Goddess," Roarke droned.  "We spilled blood in the name of strength and honor.  We lavished Lady Pestiferous with food, treasures, docile studs, and the spoils of conquest.  We never expected anything in return, save for the opportunity to kill and scream another day—"

	"Roarke, Searo's Hold imploded.  I was there."  Rainbow slowly shook her head.  "But we're not in Searo's Hold anymore, are we?  I'm here, and you are here.  And against all odds too."  She gulped and murmured, "Why?  Why is that, Roarke?  I need you to tell me..."

	Roarke opened her mouth, but lingered.  She stared past Rainbow Dash with nervous exhalations.  At last, a quiet voice came out.  "All of my life, all I ever expected to do was die.  