I never thought... th-that I would feel guilty... and that I would have the tenacity and foolish courage to live with that guilt.  I did a disservice to your friends, Rainbow Dash.  In some way or another, I brought pain and misery to the lives of the ponies you care for... the only souls left that you love.  I thought I was doing something right by influencing Kera, but—in the end—all I did was ruin something... ruin the one thing that..."  She clenched her teeth as her words trailed off.

	Rainbow Dash stared at her.

	After a deep breath, Roarke managed to say, "I gave myself one last chance, a chance to fix things.  I knew that saving the day myself would not accomplish what needed to be done.  But if I enabled somepony like Belle... or in this case Pilate, then I might help him finish the task.  I could plant a spark of hope where Shell had dredged an impossibly black rift.  But... even that was an inept plan at best.  Once again, my foolishness almost cost the life of a pony you cared for.  If Pilate had died on board Stratopolis..."  She winced.  "If you had died..."

	Silence.

	Roarke's gaze fell.  "I... I only know how to do one thing.  I am the weapon, Rainbow Dash, not you.  You were right to banish me when you had the chance.  The fact that things ended up for the best does not excuse the vicious cycle of my inane philosophy.  I appreciate the fact that the Jurists have allowed me a chance to house my equipment here for the interim, but the first opportunity I get, I shall take my leave of this ship and—"

	Rainbow Dash marched forward.

	Roarke actually flinched—until she felt a warm pair of forelimbs around her, legs that pulled her in tight and tighter.

	Rainbow clenched her eyes shut as she buried her sniffling muzzle into Roarke's cloak.  "Thank you," she exhaled.

	"R-Rainbow, I cannot expect anything from you for—"

	"Thank you."  Rainbow squeezed her, murmuring.  "Thank you... Thank you, Roarke..."

	Roarke's lips pursed.  Her lenses clicked as she stared over Rainbow's shoulder.  After several seconds, she finally exhaled, her body going slack in the pegasus' grip.  She brought a hoof up and tentatively—awkwardly—patted the back of the mare's neck.

	The two huddled there in the cold breeze, though all the chill was gone.

	At last, Roarke breathed, "Perhaps I will delay summoning Vaughan's transport until everypony is well situated—"

	Rainbow's voice was like rust:  "If you even think about leaving us again, I'll replace your spine with Commander Hurricane's sword."

	Roarke gulped, and in a noticeably squeaky voice uttered, "Yes, ma'am."
		//------------------------------//
		// Two Beacons in the Dark		//------------------------------//

	"Belle, what were those things that attacked us?"

	"Hmmm?"  Bellesmith lay Kera onto the lower cot of their cabin.  "Oh, well..."  The mare's brow furrowed momentarily.  "From what Josho and Rainbow have explained to me, they were horrible creatures, Kera.  At one point in their life, they were either pegasi who served Commander Hurricane of ancient Equestria, or—perhaps—a race of flying ponies far older."

	Kera blinked tiredly, fidgeting under the blanket Belle was draping over her.  "Why were they so mean and slobbery?"

	"That's just the thing, darling," Belle said.  "Something terribly evil must have corrupted them a long, long time ago.  According to Rainbow, it almost looked like the winged ponies who controlled Stratopolis long before Hurricane had dabbled in... something that proved to be their undoing.  Maybe they were working on some horrible weapon, or perhaps they simply discovered an otherworldly substance that proved too dangerous for this world."  Belle shrugged, the proceeded to tuck Kera in.  "Whatever made them ponies was drained long ago, and all that was left was something cruel, barbaric, and animalistic."

	"They weren't like any animals that I'd ever seen," Kera murmured.

	"Heh... most certainly not."

	"How did we get away from them?"

	Belle blinked.  "Well, for the most 