part, because of you."

	"Because of m-me?"

	Belle smiled.  "Don't you remember?  You displayed one of the greatest feats of unicorn magic I've ever seen—much less by a young filly.  In one fell swoop, you single-hoofedly knocked dozens of them from the Noble Jury's hull."

	"I... I-I did?"

	"Of course, Kera!  It's why we're speaking to each other right now."

	"I..."  Kera winced, gazing towards the opposite wall of the cramped room.  Her eyelids fluttered tiredly.  "It's all fuzzy..."

	Belle leaned close.  "Well, what do you remember?"

	"Dreaming..."  Kera bit her lip and held the blankets close.  "With my eyes open..."  Her little nostrils flared.  "For a long... long... super long time..."

	Belle's lips pursed.  "Do... do you remember what you saw in your dreams?"

	Kera's ears drooped.  Her body tensed up, then gradually relaxed as she melancholically shook her head.

	Quietly, Belle leaned forward and kissed Kera's forehead.  She lingered there, nuzzling the filly's cheek.  "I know that a lot of this doesn't make much sense to you, and I'm still trying to figure it all out myself.  But I am so happy... so very blessed to have you back, darling..."

	"Did... did I go anywhere?"

	Belle bit her lip.  She sniffled slightly.  "Yes, Kera.  I-I'm afraid you did..."

	Kera tilted her chin up.  "Belle?"

	Belle leaned back to look at her.  "Yes?"

	"Who was that in the room with us when the things attacked?"

	"Hmmm?"

	Kera stifled a yawn and murmured, "The pony... the pony with the bl-black coat..."

	Belle squinted, then exhaled, "Oh.  You mean Elma?  Elma Boreal?"

	"What kind of a name is that?"

	Belle opened her mouth, lingered, then said, "Not a very real one, I suppose."  She squirmed where she stood by the bed.  "But Elma herself is very real... with a real heart... and a real desire for love."  Belle smiled.  "She helped bring you back, Kera."

	"She did?"

	"Mmmhmmm..."  Belle nodded.  "Elma's got a special talent.  And, from the looks of it, she woke you up."  The mare's eyes glistened momentarily.  "It takes a very special pony to bring back a very special filly..."

	Kera yawned and turned her head aside against her pillow.  "I should thank her..."

	Belle giggled lightly.  "I think she would be more than happy to speak to you."

	"She... br-brought me back to my Mommy and Daddy," Kera slurred, surrendering to the waves of slumber.

	Belle's smile faded.  She sat still, her breaths tense and uneven.  Sniffling, she blinked her eyes dry and managed a tiny grin.  Kissing Kera on the forehead one last time, she murmured, "Just rest easy, Kera."

	"Mmmmm..." Kera murmured, her body instantly still.

	"And don't you worry anymore.  Mommy an—"  Belle froze, inhaled, and uttered, "Pilate and I won't be far away."

	Kera slept soundly.

	Belle dimmed the lights, shuffled about, and quietly exited the cabin.  She shuffled across the thin hallway of the Noble Jury's second deck, making her way past compartment after compartment.  Heading towards the stern, she made a sharp left right before the mess hall.  The tiny infirmary was lit, and there Pilate sat on the edge of a cot, bandaging himself with the use of his other hoof and his teeth.

	"Oh, beloved—here."  Belle rushed over and knelt before him.  "Allow me."

	"Oh, you needn't fret, Belle," the stallion said.  His choker rested on the table alongside the manasphere and the Oracular Array.  "I do believe I have this under control."

	"Please..."  Belle nevertheless took control of the situation.  "I wish to do it."

	Pilate tilted his head down.  Eventually, he nodded with a faint smile.  "Very well."

	Belle breathed easily, reaching around Pilate's forelimb and shoulders as she gently tightened the gauze to his healing wounds.  "I don't think I've ever seen you so banged up."

	"Yes you have."

	Belle's lips curved.  She squinted aside.  "Since we left Blue Shelf, I mean."

	"Ah."  Pilate smirked.  "Well, worse things could result from tangling tails with a sentient crocodile.