"

	"I don't know what stunned Rainbow Dash more," Belle remarked.  "The punches Razzar gave her, or the undying fact that it was you who brought that reptile down to his knees."

	"I seriously doubt that she's jealous," Pilate said.  "The poor mare has been forced to extinguish all sorts of nefarious souls in the past.  I don't know what good it will do her countenance, but she can at least remove one burden of conscience from her list."

	"I know it sounds grim, but..."  Belle chuckled dryly.  "I'd be lying if I said I wasn't a slightest bit proud of the 'solution' you chose."

	"Razzar was always a victim of his own hubris," Pilate murmured, straight-faced.  "I believe his comrades had to see that, or else they might still be vindictive over Razzar's defeat today."

	"I'm certain Roarke wouldn't have given them the pleasure."

	"No.  Probably not."

	Belle finished tightening a bandage and glanced aside at the table beside the cot.  "Quite the fascinating device Roarke gave you."

	"It doesn't hold a candle to your genius."

	"Hmmm..."  Belle smirked.  "That's flattering of you to say.  But, let's face it, I've never considered crafting you something that would allow you to grasp your spatial surroundings."

	"Roarke's Searonese hybrid allowed me to catch my bearings, for sure."  Pilate nodded.  "But the textures of every surface around me were... well... a veritable blur.  I could never read with the Oracular Array."  Pilate's muzzle curved.  "I'd much rather possess O.A.S.I.S. anyday."

	"At the cost of knowing where you are?"

	"It's not a matter of where, beloved, but who."

	Belle opened her mouth, but she lingered in silence.

	"How is Kera?" Pilate asked.

	"Hmmm?"  Belle blinked, then turned to face him.  "Oh.  She is... erm..."

	"Still speaking?"

	"Very much so."  Belle nodded.  "And she's starting to remember some of the smaller details from just recently."  She gulped.  "Like Elma and the undead attack and—"

	"Witnessing the sound of her voice when I returned to the Jury was one of the most blissful things I could have heard," Pilate said.  Then, with a warm breath, he reached forward and brushed his hoof across Belle's cheek.  "Well... nearly the most blissful."

	Belle smiled.  She reached two hooves up and clasped his forelimb against hers.  She shook once... twice... then fell into a throe of quivering breaths.

	Pilate's metal brow furrowed.  His lips pursed.  "Belle...?"

	Tears coated his hoof as she nuzzled it, sobbing.  "Would you ever h-have it in your heart to forgive me, Pilate?"  She sniffled and clenched her eyes shut, grimacing.  "Kera wasn't the only one asleep for so long.  I-I felt so lost... and so afraid..."  Her voice squeaked as she stammered, "And I took it out on the one pony that m-meant the wh-whole world to me."  A whimpering tone.  "I was so horribly rotten to you... to everypony... but most especially to you."

	"Beloved..."

	"You d-don't deserve that... you n-never deserved that!"  She sniffled and wailed, "I should be t-taking care of you... protecting you... loving you..."

	Pilate leaned off the bed and knelt alongside her.  He flung his arms around the mare's shoulders.  "We should take care of each other."

	She inhaled sharply, her voice squeaking.  "Pilate..."

	"Misery blinds us more than darkness," he said.  "It's only natural to lose sight of love.  But I know the mare whom I fell in love with when I too awoke from the abyss."  He smiled and kissed her.  "She needs me as much as I need her."  His stroked through her mane.  "Even if it took a thousand years, I would wait for her to come around.  After all..."  He smiled.  "Would she be any less patient for this blind zebra?"

	Belle smiled as tears ran down her muzzle.  She buried her face in his striped chest.  "I adore you, beloved..."

	He cradled her head to him, stroking her neck and cheek.  "You never stopped, Belle."

	She winced.  "Pilate..."

	"Shhhh..."  He kissed the top of her head.  "We can make it through this.  We can make it through anyth