Zaid sighed, gazing at the spinning ball before his muzzle.  "I'm just bummed out to see it get this pathetic.  From what I've seen and heard, you and your pals had something really sweet goin' on, like a friggin' platinum posse of ponies.  I'd hate for the same misery that engulfed Roarke to bite the eyeballs out of them too."

	"What do you mean?"

	"Well, I guess that's a bit of a stretch."  Zaid chuckled to himself.  "Roarke at least had a bunch of tools at her disposal.  She wouldn't have left under the promise of pure hopelessness.  The dayum mare's too resourceful... not to mention sexy."

	Rainbow's nostrils flared.  Staring into the far corners of the room, she surfaced from her deep thoughts just long enough to mutter, "Roarke didn't leave because she was miserable."

	"Hmmm?  What, then?  She caught sight of a rust trade as we passed by the last row of mountains?"

	"No."  Rainbow slowly shook her head.  "I sent her away."

	The hangar echoed a light thud as the rubber ball fell to the metal platform below.

	"She... confessed to me that she had told Kera about Lerris before we even left Archer Pointe."  The mare's features tightened slightly.  "She coerced the little scamp into making the decision to stay.  And look at what happened?"

	Silence.

	"I was upset with her... beyond pissed.  I wanted her out of my sight... and so... I made it happen.  I told her to leave.  And she did."  Sighing, she leaned away from the railing and turned aside.  "I almost tried going after her, but I realized that she was better off on her own—"

	Thwap!  Zaid's hoof flew across Rainbow's cheek.

	The mare's head jerked to the left, though her body stayed anchored in place.  Slowly, icily, she looked back towards him.

	What she saw was a snarling muzzle just a twitch away from foaming at the mouth.  "You sent her away?!"  Zaid's mouth hung like a pendulum.  "You flippin' sent Roarke away?!"  He blinked like he was having a seizure, shook his head, and spat, "Are you out of you goddess damn mind?!  Did you drink extra paint that day?!  Wake up with feathers stuffed between your ears?!"

	"Zaid..."  Rainbow's whelted muzzle icily droned, "Calm down—"

	"Stuff it!"  Zaid pointed in her chest.  "You don't get to make orders and play the role as this ship's leader if all you can muster is stupid buck-ups like that!  I know you've been biting the proverbial bullet after all of that Shell crap, but to send Roarke away?!  Roarke, the one mare with the resources and know-how to get us through life's thickest bullcrap?!  Were you dropped on your head from a super high cloud as a foal or what?!  How in the turkey-humping Hell could you possibly have felt that was a good idea?"

	"I... I-I..."  Rainbow shifted nervously, avoiding his gaze.  "I was upset—"

	"You were a hysterical tube worm—that's what you were!  And now we're all having to pay the price because she's gone!"

	"Zaid, listen—"

	"No, you listen!" He leaned into her face and growled, "I've tried my darnedest to be a perfect gentlecolt!  In all my life, I've only ever hit a mare on two occasions!  I'll give you a hint!  One of them was Nightshade!"

	Shuddering, Rainbow let her gaze fall to the metal platform below.  "I couldn't trust Roarke, Zaid.  Not after what she had done.  Not after learning how far she'll go to do something she thinks is right..."

	"Heh... yeah... and you're just batting a thousand, aren't you?"  Zaid frowned.  "Rainbow, I can't pretend to know all the highs and lows you've flounced your sweet tight body through in your life, but at some point in time—it seems—the colors lost and something far darker won the ballgame.  All in all, I'm not a huge fanboy of what this nastiness is turning you into, because from this angle it's looking more and more like the hollow freak that lived up to his namesake and did a number on your best of friends!"

	Rainbow flashed him a furious frown.  "Don't you ever compare me to—"

	"—then stop before you become him!" Zaid snarled.  "Stop pushing your friends aw