ing.  Not just us... but Kera as well..."

	"Yes..."  Belle nodded and surrendered to the depths of his embrace.  "Yes... we c-can..."

	Pilate laid his head atop her crown.  He stared blindly into the bulkheads of the infirmary, his muzzle locked in a soft smile.  Together, the pair of ponies cradled each other on the floor of the room while the Noble Jury drifted off into starlight.
		//------------------------------//
		// Let's Get These Whinnies Rolling		//------------------------------//

	Dawn brought with it a golden glow that glinted off the arctic seas below.  Flakes of frost drifted in the high winds, scattering across the open deck of the Noble Jury.  Elma's green eyes followed the streams of snow listlessly.  Then, with a sigh, she clutched the blanket around her figure and turned around.

	"I've lost all contact with her," she murmured.  "Although... I-I never really had much contact with the broodling queen in the first place."  The changeling fidgeted.  "I s-suppose that is how she meant it.  Who knows how many other turt—"  She winced, then continued, "How many shapeshifters out there are like me, stripped of all they can possibly remember so that they might serve as better tools for the hive..."

	Arcshod and Seclorum exchanged glances from where they stood on the Noble Jury's starboard side.  They glanced over their shoulders to where Prowse stood in the open doorway of the Tarkington floating closely nearby.

	"But you know for a fact that she's changed?" the pale stallion asked.

	Elma bit her lips with fanged teeth.  "Mrmmm... the hive has changed.  I'm almost entirely certain she's lost grip with the entirety of her broodlings.  That's most likely why I lost contact with her so swiftly... even as she was just starting to find me again."

	"I think we all know who we can think for that," Josho said, then glanced aside at where Rainbow Dash stood alongside Roarke, Eagle Eye, and Pilate.

	"Pffft.  It wasn't me," Rainbow Dash said.  "I'd tack that onto dumb luck."

	"Hmmm..."  Eagle Eye smiled rosily.  "I'd try another 'l' word."

	"Also dumb," Josho muttered.

	Eagle Eye glared at him.

	"And do you have any idea where Chrysalis is?" Seclorum asked.

	Elma slowly shook her head.

	"I do..."  Rainbow trotted over and rested a hoof on Elma's shoulder as she looked back at the others.  "Val Roa," she said.  "She made it pretty clear."  A slick grin.  "The mare has a thing for monologuing, it seems."

	"Val Roa..."  Prowse scratched his chin with his prosthetic and spoke above the high winds, "A monarchy.  Full of wealth and rich ponies.  But that's about all I bloody know..."

	"It's the last bastion of civilization before the Grand Choke," Elma said.

	Everypony looked at the changeling.

	She winced slightly.  "I mean... th-that's what my memories tell me..."  She rubbed her dark head.  "Supposedly, that's what every resident of Alafreo knows.  Val Roa is famous across the entire continent..."

	"It's a peaceful kingdom?" Seclorum asked.

	"Mmmm..." Elma nodded.  "From what I can tell."

	"Which makes it perfect for diabolical metamorphs to sow destruction and chaos," Roarke muttered.

	Elma flinched.

	Roarke exhaled while her copper lenses retracted.  "...nothing personal."

	"Of c-course..."

	"But Chrysalis is on her own now..."  Pilate tilted his head blindly towards Rainbow Dash.  "...right?"

	"It's our best guess."  Rainbow leaned back and flexed her wings with a sigh.  "Though, knowing her, she's probably trying to build an army back up again."

	"We have any way of knowing that?" Eagle Eye asked.

	Rainbow shook her head.  "Still, Val Roa is totally in the dark, and that isn't cool."

	"Well, I certainly wanna get to the bottom of this whole mess," Prowse said.  "But I'm afraid that just can't be done.  At least not from our end."  The stallion gestured at the hulking body of the Tarkington.  "Aatxe's baby here is barely hanging on by a thread!  I can get her back to Xona no problem, but then it's gonna need an arse load of repairs.