"

	"That's the least of your concerns," Pilate said.  "You've got many ponies who need to return home."

	"I'm on board with that," Seclorum said.  "I've spent the last few years fighting battles that weren't even mine to begin with.  And from what I hear, I had a double of myself wreaking havoc halfway across the continent.  To think of all those mares and stallions who... who could be living now if it weren't for... for..." His words trailed off a grimacing expression.

	"You get your ponies home, old friend," Josho said.  "And if it helps you to know, fruit basket and I totally cleaned that moron's clock."

	"Erm..."  Eagle winced and pointed at Josho.  "It was m-mostly him!  Honest!"

	"Hrmmm..."  Seclorum smiled crookedly.  "I don't know if it's a sign that I've lost my marbles, but that almost actually makes me feel better..."

	"Ge'nuulien th'rekkunu Lasairfion Xon-Nagu'n viulen saan'arloot ba'lassa thremm," Arcshod said.  "Diulen Xon.  Rekkun ral'anna messul thiulen braatu Val R'oa frem'uklannan."

	Rainbow squinted.  "What's the big guy sneezing about this time?"

	"Errrr..."  Seclorum turned to look at the others.  "He says he's spoken with his Queen already about the situation, and as much as Lasairfion would like to lend a hoof—"

	"It would be foolish to initiate a crusade towards a far-away kingdom when your own is still recovering from so much turmoil," Roarke said with a knowing nod.  "I understand.  It's how I've come to accept the fact that nopony from Searo has come to claim my head."

	"Well, there was that one pony," Pilate remarked.  "'Terra,' I believe?"

	"Mmmmmm..." Roarke was scratching an itch behind her neck.  "Who?"

	"Well, seems like we all have our paths set before us," Prowse remarked.  "Still, seems like a bloody shame to leave you ponies alone on your trek east."

	"You kidding?"  Josho smirked.  "You couldn't hold us down even if you hammered our bladders to the ground."

	"Josho, think about this."  Seclorum gestured wide.  "The war is over.  Everything we've ever butted heads with is history now.  Even those tattooed freaks aren't quite so bad once you get to know them."

	"Dreet drenna," Arcshod grunted.

	"Love ya too." Seclorum turned back to Josho.  "Why not hang a ride on the Aatxe Express here?  Two old stallions?  Returning home?  It'd be like old times... only without all the killing and explosions."

	"Yeah, well, one of those I don't miss," Josho grumbled.

	"Honestly?"  Seclorum raised an eyebrow.  "It's peace time, Josho.  Don't you feel that a couple of old soldiers deserve something like this?  Happens once in an age..."

	Josho took a deep breath, then trotted over to stand before Seclorum.  "I know what I deserve and don't deserve.  And believe you me, if I had something back in Ledomare, I woulda thought twice about ditching it all in a blaze of glory."

	Seclorum stared at Josho, then glanced over his shoulder.

	Eagle Eye blinked innocently.

	"You're a lot different from the stallion I flung mana with."  Seclorum's eyes darted back to Josho.  "But be honest with yourself," he murmured in a low tone, leaning forward.  "Do you honestly think you'll live as long as him?  Or the rest of them?"

	"Probably not."  Josho smiled wearily.  "But I'll live..."

	Seclorum stared back.  Slowly, his ears drooped.  "Dumbass..."  He sighed and drifted forward, forelimbs wide.  "I'm gonna miss ya, pal—"

	"Please."  Josho held the hug back with a firm hoof.  "Not in front of the Xonans."

	Arcshod raised an eyebrow.

	Seclorum glanced aside at him, then rolled his eyes.  He saw an outstretched leg ahead, glanced up at Josho, and smirked.  The two former enforcers bumped hooves, then shook.  "Beats kicking the shit out of each other."

	"You say that as if we won't meet again," Josho said.

	"Pffft.  You have to make me really... really pissed off at you for me to hunt you down that far east."

	Josho patted Seclorum's shoulder and murmured in his ear:  "You haven't seen your bar tab back in Green Slope."

	"Buh?"
