
	But Josho was already trotting away.  Rainbow Dash watched him, then turned towards the others.  "Right... so this is how it's gonna be..."



	"Did ya set up the communications array just like I told ya, lass?" Prowse asked.

	"Mmmmmhmmmm."

	Prowse glanced across the Tarkington.  "And you turned it to the frequency I gave ya?"

	"Mmmmhmmmmm..."

	Prowse took a breath and glanced down.  "And can ya stop drooling on my chest?"

	"Mmmm-mmmmm..."  Props leaned back from nuzzling her uncle.  She wiped her eyes and stared up at him with a sad smile.  "You sure I can buzz you whenever I want?"

	"Mmmmhmmm..."  He caressed her golden mane.  "I'm just a turn of the dial away.  There was never a communications signal too faint that my bloomin' tech couldn't pick up!"

	"Even when you're busy transporting the ponies west to their families?"

	"Yup.  Even then."

	"Even if you're being chased by giant mutant flying squirrels?"

	"Especially so in that case."  Prowse grinned.  "I'd need some flesh and blood to help me flush out the insanity."

	She grinned, her little blonde tail swishing.  "You're the best uncle I could ever have outrun evil melting zombies with..."

	"That's what family's all about, lass."  He leaned down to nuzzle her and murmured, "Now move yer arse.  I don't want my Propsicle asleep on the job."

	"Right..."  Props backtrotted from the cockpit, sniffling and smiling, smiling and sniffling.  "I'll be thinking about you... while I caress the walls of Nancy Jane's womb!"

	"Now there's a promise you'd better keep!"

	Props bit her lip, then forced herself to turn around.  She quickly shuffled past Rainbow Dash.  "Let's go now before I kerplunk in my own k-kerfluffle!" she whimpered.

	"Right.  Just one sec."  Rainbow turned towards the ponies on board.  "When you come into contact with the Ledomaritan army, look for a mare named Zetta.  She should be located not that far from the former Eastern Front."

	Seclorum blinked and blinked again.  He exchanged glances with Arcshod.  "Uhm... y-you might wish to give us more to go by.  It's kind of a common name."

	"Dreit."

	"Ungh..."  Rainbow rolled her eyes and exclaimed, "She'll be with a huge friggin' stallion named 'Basso.'  You can't miss him.  He's like a steamroller with fuzzy ears."

	"And what do you wish us to do when or if we find them?"

	"Tell them that the crew of the Noble Jury is okay.  We... uh..."  Rainbow sighed.  "We ran into a few nasty... nasty bumps along the way.  But... we're okay."  She smiled faintly.  "We're okay."

	Arcshod nodded, squinting.  "Oh... kay..."

	"Yeah, he's got it."  Rainbow turned to exit the Tarkington, but found a tall, elegant unicorn standing in front of her.

	Lasairfion's eyes narrowed.  With a neutral expression, she said, "It has agreed to keep the traveling, though it has the uncertainty ahead?"

	Rainbow slowly... slowly nodded.

	"Hrmmm..."  Lasairfion exhaled calmly.  "Then it is the Austraeoh..."

	Rainbow gulped.  "You... uh... you had your doubts?"

	"No more than it did."  A regal smile.

	Rainbow's muzzle curved.  "I don't suppose you... uh... have any wise, matronly advice concerning Val Roa and the rest of the lands ahead of me?"

	Lasairfion leaned in and narrowed her eyes.  "It must not water on the burning dogs."

	"... ... ..."  Rainbow raised her hoof with an open mouth.  "... ... ...Propsy!"  She side-stepped and grabbed the mare's flank.  "Time to go!  Say good bye to all the background ponies!"

	"'Good bye to all the background ponies—' Eeep!"  Props' golden mane flounced as Rainbow dove out the side of the Tarkington and glided towards the Noble Jury.  Once landed, the two joined the rest of the ship's crew as they turned to wave at the vessel.

	"Ach!  How do I get this bloody thing into gear?  Oh!  Right..."  Prowse's voice wafted out of the door for the last few seconds that it hung open on its hinges.  "Whelp, time to get this show on the clouds!  Ha!  You get it?!  That's a sooter joke!  Bye—"  CLACK!  The Tarkingto