n's door clamped shut, blotting out the images of waving Ledomaritans and Xonans.  Tilting about, the ship roared over the Noble Jury and soared its way west on burning engines.

	Belle, Kera, Pilate, and Zaid turned, waving at the ship until it became a distant speck.  Eagle Eye and Ebon stared silently, leaning against each other.  Elma, Josho and Floydien poked their heads out of the cockpit while Roarke stoot closer to the stern in silence.

	"They... they are gone, right?" Pilate asked.

	"I really need to get O.A.S.I.S. working for you again," Belle muttered.

	Pilate smirked.  "Not sure it would do the moment justice."

	Kera covered her nose.  "Their ship's exhaust reeks..."

	"Heheheh..."

	"I-I couldn't work on it in time..."  Props sniffled, slapping her goggles over her moist eyes as she bowed her head to the deck.  "I wanted Prowse's ship to be full of love... not farts..."

	"Blonde boomer did her best best," Floydien said.

	"Yeah, Propsy..."  Ebon trotted over, along with Eagle Eye.  The cook smiled and placed a reassuring hoof on her shoulder.  "I know this has been very hard for you, but I'm so glad you decided to stick with us.  I'm not sure how I'd feel without my best gal pal from Gray Smoke along for the ride—"

	"Mmmmmmmmmmm!"  Props pounced, hoisting both Ebon and Eagle into a strangling embrace.  "Quick!  Drown me with flufffffffffffff!"

	"Gaaaie!"  Eagle wheezed and tried to calm Props down.  "We... grkkkt... h-have to breathe first...!"

	"Yeah..."  Ebon hissed, blue in the face.  "What h-he said.  Gaah!"  THWOMP!  The three collapsed onto the deck.

	"Tch tch tch..."  Zaid stepped over them, shaking his head.  "Not quite a threesome, but it'll do."  He came to a stop beside Rainbow Dash.  "Head in the clouds?"

	"Just wondering..."  Rainbow sighed, staring west.  "...if sending them west on their own was such a good idea."

	"I know, right?"  Zaid scratched his mane, staring at the horizon along with her.  "Hundreds of miles.  No bread.  No cheese.  No toasters?"  He sighed.  "That's a long trip, girrrrrl."

	Rainbow glared at him.  "Thanks for broadening my horizons."

	"Hey!"  Zaid shrugged with a smile.  "If we can dream it, we can do it!"

	"I wouldn't be too concerned about their journey, Rainbow," Pilate said, smiling in her general direction.  "We all know that the landscape is far less perilous now."

	"Yeah..."  Josho nodded.  "Beside, danger is almost always in front of you, not behind you," he said.

	Rainbow twitched, but said nothing.

	Floydien quietly slapped a hoof against Josho's knee.

	"Augh!  Dammit..."  Josho retreated downstairs with a slumping trot.  "So it's gonna be like that for the rest of the trip?"

	"If fat boomer is lucky..."

	In the meanwhile, Elma hung her head with drooping dragonfly wings.

	"Elma...?"  Belle trotted over with Kera and Pilate.  "What's the matter?"

	"What's the point in asking?"  Elma sniffled.  "What's the point in anything?"  She looked up, her green eyes moist.  "I have nowhere to go.  I... belong to noplace."

	"There is always Alafreo," Roarke droned from the distance.

	Pilate and Belle winced.

	"How could I possibly go there?" Elma muttered.  "That isn't my home..."

	"It's all you remember, though, isn't it?" Pilate remarked.

	"But that doesn't make it real!"  Elma hissed, then deflated low to the ground.  "It doesn't make me real."

	"Well, what is it that you want, Elma?" Belle asked.

	"I... I..."  Elma grimaced, but eventually squeaked forth, "I want to see the mountains I grew up in.  I... I want to know what happened to my hatchlings..."  She sighed.  "Elma's hatchlings..."

	Belle knelt down and tilted Elma's chin up.  "If that is what you really want, we can make it happen.  Or if not, you can come with us."

	"Come with you...?"  Elma's eyes darted between the different ponies.  "Come with you where?"

	"Wherever you need to go before you feel that you're home," Pilate said with a smile.

	Elma was silent.  Her gazed turned to the rest of the jur