ists, then at Rainbow Dash.  "Is that what this is all about... this ship... this journey...?"

	Rainbow smirked.  Eventually, she nodded.  "Pretty dang much.  With a few exceptions."

	"Seriously, couldn't we have given them a toaster oven?" Zaid muttered into the cold winds.

	Rainbow rolled her eyes.

	Elma looked back at the ponies directly in front of her.  Her gaze fell on Kera.  Bending her head low, she stared the filly in the face.  "And you... are you home, little one?"

	"Mmmmm..."  Kera bit her lip and clung slightly to Belle's forelimb.  "Almost... th-thanks to you..."

	Belle and Pilate smiled at each other.

	With a tender breath, Elma nodded.  "Alright..."  She gulped.  "First Alafreo... and after that, we'll see..."

	"As you wish," Belle said.

	"Ya hear that, Floydien?" Rainbow Dash asked.

	"Yes yes yes."  The elk was already yanking at the controls of the ship.  "Paint bucket doesn't need to bark bark."  The ship hummed loudly as its skystone engine above came to life.  "Enough with the frosting and the snowing. We've got land to land."

	"Whoopsies!"  Props galloped to her hooves, knocking back Ebon and Eagle with a grunt.  "That's my cue!"  She flew down the crawlspace.  "I'll be in the womb, handsome!"

	"As well you damn should be!" Floydien hollered.  As jurists quickly trotted to the cockpit, he initiated the skystone drive.  "The wastes can kiss Floydien's flank-flank!"

	"Heh..."  Rainbow Dash kicked off the ship's hull and glided off.  "I'll scout ahead."

	"Good luck with that."

	Then, with a vaporous blast of disrupted air, the Noble Jury fired east like a bullet, following closely behind the prismatic blur piercing the clouds ahead of it.

		//------------------------------//
		// Away With the Frozen Wastes		//------------------------------//

	The arctic wastes were the very definition of calm.  A full day into the eastward trek, and the crew of the Noble Jury no longer had any reason to doubt that Stratopolis was the thing responsible for the alleged "Strip of Flurries" to begin with.  At all times, the ponies on board Floydien's ship needed only to glance down, and they would see an immaculate reflection of their skystone vessel gliding across the glass-like frozen waters.  The icebergs grew less and less frequent, and the smallest of sounds resonated across the frigid seascape.  Even the northern edge—a distant dim glow at this point—still issued thunder across the thin air from afar.

	Rainbow Dash's job of scout lasted barely a day and a half.  As it grew more and more obvious that there was next to nothing for her to observe before the bow of the Jury, she ultimately relented, retreating to her post on board the ship and allowing her wings a chance to relax, as well as her wounds of battle to heal.  For the most part, however, she remained on board the top deck of the Jury, eyeing the horizon with an instinctual wariness.  By the beginning of the third morning, she had given up worrying, and started trotting downstairs to join the rest of the crew in their regular meals.

	The mood on board the ship was calm.  The crew conversed with a general degree of liveliness, be it in small groups or as a whole over dinner.  Roarke, as always, kept her distance from the rest of the jurists, excusing herself more often than naught to examine the readings of her Lounge tech, checking up on the conditions and whereabouts of her alleged transport.  Elma didn't touch a single morsel of food.  Pilate and Belle weren't ignorant of this, and they kept their mealtimes short—choosing instead to congregate around the changeling and remain in her company as often as possible.  It took much coaxing—not to mention a regal amount of redundant conversation topics—but they eventually succeeded in making the shape-shifter smile from time to time.  A renewed glow of green energy flowed through her eyes; the changeling's health was satiated for a little while longer.

	At the start of the third day, Rainbow Dash, Pilate, and Floydien had a frank discussion concern