ing the ship's bearings.  Taking into account the memories Elma had to share about Alafreo's whereabouts, the crew decided to bend the ship's trajectory ever so slightly south.  The vessel's skystone carried them swiftly, scaling the parallels south of the extreme arctic regions.  Props worked hard to keep the engine running in best shape, and soon the Jury was operating at the best efficiency since they first ever stationed themselves in Gray Smoke.

	By the fifth day, Rainbow Dash noticed a slight spike in temperature.  The icebergs had completely vanished.  The waters below were considerably warmer.  Rainbow tested herself, gliding lonesomely above the lapping waves and dipping her hooves through the current.  Soon enough, the crew could walk the topmost deck without needing thick wintry gear.  Everypony welcomed the sensation, and many came up for fresh air for the first time in days.

	All the while, there was still no sign of land.  Although Elma assured them that the western edge of the continent was ever-looming, several members of the crew started to get antsy.  Most of all was Ebon, who fretted that the food supply might not last the remainder of the journey.  Hesitantly, the crew decided to conserve their rations, which cut down the volume of their daily meals by nearly two-thirds.  This left Josho in a less-than-pleasant mood, to put it lightly.

	To keep their minds off the lethargy and hunger of the trip, several ponies collaborated in constructing a make-shift hull to cover the damage done to the ship's forward observation room.  This involved utilizing much of the metal scrap confiscated from the Lounge's vessel.  Seeing as how even Roarke lent a hoof to the operation, this proved to be no real issue.  While the crew were able to seal off the observation room from the outside, it was still deemed too dangerous for occupation.  This meant Rainbow Dash had to find another place to sleep.  Begrudgingly, she chose the sofa inside the bottom deck's navigation compartment right across from the observation room.  The pegasus got very little sleep those evenings.

	To stave off the insomnia, Rainbow Dash resorted to pacing about the ship.  She even did this while most of the equines were asleep.  No matter how far she trotted or in how many circles, she always returned to the same spot—or rather the same thing.  The Sword of Solstice was being housed in the engine room.  It was Props who hypothesized that—perhaps just like the lavender tome—the enchanted blade might have some sort of a positive impact on the Noble Jury's skystone engine.  This, however, proved fruitless, and the engine room simply became a place to house the ancient artifact.  So, as a consequence, Rainbow Dash often found herself standing there, eyeing her reflection in the blade, pondering over the number of beasts it had slain in its time...

	And if Commander Hurricane ever purposed for another pegasus to pick the blade up.

		//------------------------------//
		// A Name Like No Other		//------------------------------//

	On the sixth day since setting out from Stratopolis, the Noble Jury had decelerated to a slow cruise.  Since Props insisted that the crew rest the engines, Ebon suggested they pass the cooldown time by bringing the vessel low enough to cast fishing lines into the sea.  If there was a chance of catching fresh meat, then they might be able to increase the volume of meals for an evening or two.  Naturally, most ponies jumped upon this idea.  Rainbow Dash gladly bowed out.

	So it was that by noon, the ship hovered a few naked feet above seal level with its hangar doors yawning halfway open.  Ebon, Zaid, Eagle Eye, and Josho sat inside the ship's rear, their legs dangling as they dragged fishing lures through the calm waters right beneath them.  Ebon's hunch proved right, and between the four of them they had already made seven meaty catches.

	"Way to go, sailboat," Josho said through a smirk.  He had to talk above the sound of his rumbling stomach while he casted another line.  "I'd kiss you if this damn