 hangar didn't stink so much."

	"I told Floydien.  I told him."  Ebon frowned as he held his fishing pole.  "We should have chiseled ice out of the icebergs before we headed south.  That way we could have resupplied the freezer unit and done something to better preserve caught fish, much less stave off the smell."

	"Well, at the rate at which we're crashing in on their parade, I'd say we'll be eating like kings soon," Zaid said.  He turned to grin at the other stallions.  "All in all, I'd say that things are going swimmingly."  His eyes turned rounder above a maniacal grin.  He took turns gawking at every stallion.

	"You really, really suck," Josho grumbled.

	"Yes."  Eagle Eye muttered.  "What the old stallion said."

	"Awwwwwwwww..."  Zaid pouted.  "Not you too."

	"Everything alright, EE?" Ebon asked.

	Ebon fought a burning, burning frown.  "This... smells... horribly."

	"Grin and bear it, princess," Josho said while casting another line into the glossy sea.  "Maybe you don't wanna get fat on your bones, but the rest of us do.  So be a part of the team and ignore it."

	"I can't..."  Eagle shuddered, his lavender muzzle turning green.  "I can feel it getting into my pores."

	"Well, don't worry," Ebon said with a smile.  "Just a few more catches, and then you can march inside to shower."

	"Yeah..."  Zaid chuckled.  "We'll all get into a circle and spit on you."

	"Ew!"  Eagle blanched and nearly fell off the hangar door from writhing.  "Ew ew ew ew!  You guys are impossible!"

	"You know, for once..."  Josho's muzzle curved.  "I kind of liked that one."

	Zaid brightened.  "You did?"

	"Move aside."  Metal-laced limbs trotted forcibly between the four stallions.

	The ponies looked up, shuffling aside.  "Excuse you, Roarke," Ebon griped.

	"Hmmmm... breeders going to breed..."  Roarke kept her copper-lensed eyes locked on a glowing yellow device in her grasp.  "Such a shame to interrupt your festivities, but I think it's finally catching up with me."

	"You don't say?" Josho droned without looking at her.  "Because it was starting to smell good until you arrived."

	"Too bad nature decided to trade your humor for fat."

	"Works for me, lady."

	"Wait wait wait..."  Ebon waved his hoof at the others and squinted up at Roarke.  "What do you mean?  What is catching up with you?"

	"It'll only matter to you in about a minute," Roarke said, operating a dial on the control.  "Unless, of course, you want to be crushed to a pulp by reptilian metal.  It makes very little difference to me."

	"Oh jeez!"  Eagle flinched, scrambling with his fishing pole to move aside.  "Oh jeez oh jeez oh jeez!"

	"Calm your crotch tits," Josho grunted, then turned to squint at the metal mare.  "Isn't this being a bit optimistic?  Especially for you?"

	"Could you flatulate a little louder?  I can't hear you."

	"You supposedly left that thing floating on its own on the far west edge of the Stratopolitan cyclone."  Josho's eyes narrowed.  "What makes you think it even has the juice to respond to your signal?"

	"It's highly-advanced Lounge tech."

	"So?"

	"I augmented it."

	"Ah.  So, I'm guessing it's swung by several merchant ships and murdered every respectful stallion on board."

	Ebon chuckled.

	"Unfortunately, I didn't have enough time to program that into it," Roarke said.  "Though, you're giving me plenty of reasons to do so now."

	"Just what kind of a transport is it, anyways?" Eagle Eye asked.

	"Ah..."  Roarke lowered the control and pointed out the hangar's rear ship.  "See for yourself."

	"Hmmm?"  Zaid and the others stood up to look.  Everypony squinted—save for Eagle Eye who merely blinked at the northwest horizon.

	"Hey... uhm..."  The unicorn trotted backwards on jittery hooves.  "Is it supposed to be coming in that fast?"

	"Mmmm... probably not."  Deadpan, Roarke reached a hoof out and yanked at a lever.

	Whurrrrrr—CLAK!  The hangar doors opened wider.  With a shriek, Ebon nearly slipped down into the blurring waters below.  Josho heave