d him up while Zaid and Eagle Eye scrambled for a hoofhold.  Many of them turned to glare at Roarke, but had very little chance when a spherical black body sailed in from outside.

	WHOOOSH!  A tiny scale replica of the Lounge Ship came to a stop just inches from Roarke's muzzle.  She stood her ground, exhaling calmly, her breath forming a foggy splotch of condensation against the thing's pearlescent black hull.

	"Well, a little tardy, but quite responsive."  As she backtrotted, she pulled a knob on her control, forcing the thing to levitate forward on glowing amber engines until it settled to a stop, completely swallowed up by the hangar's interior with room to spare.  Roarke turned a dial, and six spokes came out of the bottom of the ship, balancing itself neatly against the floor of the hangar.

	The orb was small—for sure—but it looked to have enough room to fit two adult ponies, maybe three.  As Roarke turned a tiny lever on her control, this became obvious, for the opposite sides of the ship slid up and out like onion layers, revealing a dimly-lit interior with blinking consoles and a highly-advanced mana-powered forward display.

	"Reptiles built this thing?" Ebon remarked.  "I didn't realize it could be so... erm... comfy-looking inside."

	"It was only ever meant to be piloted by one naga at a time," Roarke droned as she leaned in to inspect the interior.  "Seeing as on their lonesome they're at peace with Quezaat, they can afford themselves some luxury."

	"Well, lucky you," Ebon said.

	Eagle Eye glanced inside.  "Ooooh... I like the red velvet interior."

	"It's not red," Roarke said.  "I had to acquire this ship from Vaughan from force."

	"Meaning...?"

	"I blew the lizard's brains out."

	"Oh, ick!"  Eagle jumped back from the ship and grimaced.  "That's it..."  He marched furiously towards the stairwell.  "I'm taking my shower!"

	"So, what's it name?" Zaid asked.

	"It does not have a name," Roarke said.

	"Pfft!  Get out of town!"  Zaid smirked.  "It's gotta have a name!"

	"All this vessel provides is utility," Roarke said.  "When the situation calls for more than two members of the Jury to split up and explore a region, we can once again rely on more than just Rainbow Dash to fly."

	"The cultist has a point," Josho droned.  "It's bad buckin' luck to pilot something without a name."

	"Forgive me if I don't share your superstitious sentiment."

	"I know!"  Zaid grinned wide.  "Whizzball!"

	Roarke turned with folded ears, practically hissing at the stallion.  "It... shall not... be called... Whizzball."

	"Don't be so silly!  I mean look at it!"  Zaid pointed.  "It's a ball!  And it whizzes!"

	"And you're a stallion and you leak.  What's the point?"

	"I'd be insulting the grand history of aviation if I called it anything else!" Zaid smiled.

	"I'll be right back," Josho said, trotting off with a smirk.  "Blondie and Dr. Bellesmith are going to want to see Whizzball now that it's in Floydien's hangar."

	"It is not Whizzball!" Roarke actually hollered.

	"Nancy Jane and Whizzball!"  Zaid chanted, pumping a hoof in the air.  "Together at last!"

	"Nnnnngh..."  Roarke leaned into the cockpit seat, looking around.  "Where's the self destruct mechanism...?"
	
		//------------------------------//
		// Let The Sun Shine In		//------------------------------//

	Rainbow Dash squatted low to the floor, her fuzzy blue chin resting on crossed hooves.  She sighed through flaring nostrils as her tail slowly flicked every half-minute.  All the while, her ruby eyes remained locked on the polished golden lengths of the Sword of Solstice lying in the corner across the engine room from her.

	"If I were you, Dashie, I'd stop being shy and just ask the sword for a dance already!"

	Rainbow groaned inwardly.  She rolled until she was lying upside down and stared lethargically at Props.  "It's not that, Props."

	"Hee-hee!"  Props smiled while leaning over her communications array on the worktable and adjusting its dials.  "Then what is it?  Hmmm?"

	"It's