... it's..."  Rainbow blew bangs out from her forehead and grumbled.  "I dunno what it is."  She tilted her head back and stared upside down at the blade.  "I almost feel as if there's something missing... something I totally failed to take into account since leaving Stratopolis."

	"You mean since Pilate dragged you—bruised and unconscious—out of Stratopolis?"

	Rainbow's eyes turned to straight razors.  "Yeah.  That."

	Props winced slightly, but nevertheless chirped:  "Maybe Commander Sugarcane—"

	"Hurricane."

	"Maybe she had a special code-word that would allow the sword to grow larger and shoot energy bolts from the hilt!"

	"Nnngh... I doubt it..."

	"You have to be at full hearts, though, first!"

	Rainbow squinted at the mare.  "Huh?"

	"Huh?!" Props blinked back.

	A beat.  Rainbow rolled her eyes and stood up, cracking her joints.  "It's the studs that catch my interest the most."

	"Heehee..."  Props smiled, blushing slightly.  "You and me both, sister."

	"No, I mean the six gems."  Rainbow pointed down the middle of the blade.  "The jewels studded down the length of the blade."  She stood over the weapon and squinted at each shape in turn.  "Each has a different color."

	"Like the rainbow?"

	"Pretty much.  Er... almost."  She sighed.  "More like something else.  Something that still haunts me.."

	"And what's that?"

	Rainbow's hoof tapped the edges of her pendant.  "The Elements..."  She gritted her teeth.  "The stones look like them... kinda sorta, I mean."  She shook her head with a sigh.  "Or maybe I'm just reaching..."

	"Do the colors look the same?"

	"It's... hard to tell."  Rainbow squinted across the engine room.  "It's so dim and... lavendery in here."

	"Well..."  Props stood up with a bright grin.  "Maybe Dashie should go to the top deck!  And bring the sword with her!"

	"Pffft.  What's that gonna accomplish?"

	"It's a sunny, golden sword!"  Props giggled.  "Maybe you'll see better if it gets some sunny, golden air!"

	"Hmmmm..."  Rainbow rubbed her chin.  "It is pretty bright outside still..."

	"Or, y'know, you could stay down here and help me practice wrasslin'."  Props adjusted the dials of the array as she spoke.  "I was kinda hoping Unky Prowsy would bring me up to snuff again, but—turns out we couldn't hang out as long as I thought—"

	Schiiing!  Rainbow dragged the Sword of Solstice off the floor and made a bee-line for the far door.  "Thanks for the advice, Props!  Okay.  Bye!"  Clang!

	"Hrmmm..."  Props' face scrunched up.  "What pony in her right mind would hate wrasslin'?"



	Roarke paced around the curved front of the tiny transport inside the Noble Jury's hangar, examining it.  At one point, she paused, leaning forward to study a glossy black panel that stuck out slightly from the rest of the hull.  Humming in a low tone under her breath, the metal mare pulled over a metal tray full of tools.  She gripped a needle-nosed device and shoved it into the space between the panel and the rest of the hull.  With persistent prying motions, she succeeded in popping the panel loose.  Some frayed wires stuck out from hiding, and Roarke grabbed another tool to pull the threads apart and properly examine them.

	She was so busy in her work that she barely noticed the sound of trotting hooves until they had traversed half the length of the hangar behind her.

	"Hrmmff..."  Roarke's muzzle frowned beneath her lenses.  "If you've come back to suggest more idiotic names,  you'd be better off signing your death warrant."  She attached to wires with a tiny splash of sparks and blew away the smoke.  "This vehicle will never... ever bear the name 'Whizzball.'"

	"As a stallion who's utilized his very own floating 'whizzball' for the better part of three years, I can assure you it's not entirely something to be ashamed of."

	Roarke paused.  Her lenses retracted as she turned around completely.  "Pilate.  I... did not know it was you.  I assumed it was one of the many other annoying and less-appreciable breeders."  She did a 