double-take.  "You are... blind..."

	"I'm glad you finally noticed," Pilate said with a nervous smile, feeling his way forward across the hangar.  He avoided bumping into a crate full of Lounge tech with a carefully placed fetlock.  "Still, if all of this time somepony had just glued my eyelids shut, I imagine it would have been a truly astronomical prank."

	Roarke rushed forward to grasp his legs and guide him away from the stacks of weaponry.  Halfway through the gesture, she fidgeted, then released his limbs.  She stepped back, clearing her throat.  "I do not understand.  Is not the Ocular Array sufficient for—?"

	"Belle is attempting to study that device you crafted to see if there is a possible way of merging it with the technology of O.A.S.I.S.," Pilate said with a calm smile.  "Until then, I am more than happy to navigate the Jury by my own means."

	"But..."  Roarke's brow furrowed.  "If I recall, Bellesmith is on the top deck.  With Kera."

	"Mmmmm... Indeed she is.  Getting ample sunlight, I imagine."

	"Shouldn't she be working around the clock to give you back your sight?" Roarke muttered, returning to her repair job on the transport's outer hull.  "Do you not deserve to see again?"

	"Fate already made its decision concerning me, Roarke," Pilate said as he calmly shuffled towards the craft.  "As for Belle, I am very lucky to have her back in my life.  Truly... truly have her."  He smiled.  "And we're both extremely fortunate for Kera to be... well... a fraction of her past self, I suppose.  That's why I'm perfectly happy for Belle to be spending the afternoon with her above deck.  It's only fitting."

	"Hmmm..."  Roarke's jaw clenched and unclenched while she worked.  "Rather convenient circumstances, wouldn't you agree?"

	"Would you mind being more specific?"

	"The changeling leeched a morbid clump of negative emotions from the filly's being," Roarke droned.  "And suddenly she's calling you both 'Mother' and 'Father.'"

	"Heh... you almost got it."  Pilate smirked only briefly.  He tilted his muzzle towards the floor.  "And, to be honest, I'm more than a little bit worried."

	"Is that so...?"

	"The only time she ever called us that was right before... before..."  He winced, but nevertheless sighed.  "Well, it was the preview to a life that never was."  He gulped.  "In Lerris."

	"So she's in denial, then?"  Roarke glanced over her shoulder.  "The filly has erected for herself a fantasy that all is well and Lerris never even happened?"

	"Now, I didn't quite say that."

	"Seems a likely scenario to me," Roarke muttered, returning to her work.  "I never once believed that the changeling was a complete cure-all."

	"Nor have I," Pilate said.  "However..."  He trotted behind her.  "Magical cure-alls are being hoofed out quite regularly as of late."

	"And what do you mean by that?" Roarke asked.

	Utter silence.

	Ears twitching, the mare spun around with a rattle to her mane's metal ringlets.

	Blindly, Pilate nevertheless stared straight at her.  "What point was there in giving me the Oracular Array in the first place, Roarke?"

	Roarke's lenses pistoned out.  "Seriously?"

	Pilate only nodded.

	"Hrmmm..."  Roarke turned back to the craft.  "Isn't there a Ledomaritan saying that addresses the act of punching gift-bearing horses in the chin?"

	"As 'Vaughan,' you had access to the Lounge's ship and all of its resources.  Razzar and his lackeys knew far more about Stratopolis than the rest of us.  Surely their devices could have detected anything and anyone in the mists."

	"Surely you have a point to all of this, zebra."

	"You must have known where everypony was at all times," Pilate said, tilting his head aside as he squinted into nothingness.  "Rainbow Dash and Josho... Eagle Eye..."  His metal brow furrowed.  "Why didn't you recruit them?  Why me?  Why call upon the supposed talents of a stallion who has been blind for many years and lacks the proper skills of a warrior?"

	"Don't be so quick to downplay your strengths," Roarke muttered.  "Y