ay, pretending that it's all for the best.  Stop distancing yourself from this crew, claiming that it's in the ship's good interest!  And, last but not least..."  He reached forward and slapped her shoulder like an angry sibling.  "Don't.  Be.  A dick!"

	"Guhhh..."  Rainbow Dash winced from his light pummeling.  "Zaid, I can't expect you to know what this journey's going to cost me—going to cost all of us—if I don't see to everypony's safety first and foremost!"

	Zaid stared at her with an iron frown.  "Rainbow, your journey ended the moment you stopped being awesome."

	The pegasus blanched at that.  She leaned back, her face pale as a pair of fuzzy ears folded over her scalp.  Shivering slightly, she stared down at her hooves.  She said nothing.

	"Rainbow Dash..."  Zaid sighed, ultimately squatting down across from her.  "Someway, somehow, you're going to have to pull yourself together.  It's not something any of us can do for you.  The whole universe knows that it's something that only you can accomplish.  And you'd better get it together quick.  You've already lost Roarke—who knows what this lameness is going to cost you next.  Belle?  Pilate?  If you ask me, they're already gone, Rainbow.  They're further gone than even Kera at this point.  But it doesn't have to be too late.  It doesn't have to be.  Talk to them.  Talk to yourself.  Just talk to somepony."

	Rainbow Dash clenched her eyes shut.  She sniffled slightly, gritted her teeth...



	...and slowly tilted her head up towards the full moon.

	Pulling the collar of her coat wide open, she exposed the loyalty pendant to the cosmos.

	Her body lit up, resonating with regal energy from where she sat on the very bow of the Noble Jury.

	With remarkable speed, a delightfully eerie voice drifted along the arctic wind, tickling her ears and stealing the mare's breath away.

	"Rainbow Dash?  Rainbow Dash, thou still liveth?"

	Rainbow sucked her breath in.  After a few tense seconds, she muttered, "Yes, Your Highness.  It's me.  I'm still here."

	"Oh, Rainbow Dash!  We ask that thou excuseth our tone of enthusiasm.  We hadst received no response from thy voice the evening previous, and we feared the worse hadst travaileth upon thee."

	"It's... uh... it's all good, Princess Luna.  I'm not dead or anything.  I'm alive.  And... like... my friends and I are making our way to another continent... with kingdoms unknown."

	"We admit to being somewhat perplexed, Rainbow Dash.  If thou art not in harm's way, then what disturbeth thy attempts at monthly communication?"

	"I..."  Rainbow Dash fidgeted.  She tried smiling, but it lasted for only a few seconds, and then she was stammering.  "I just... I felt..."

	The echoing voice morphed into a gentle, warm whisper.  "Rainbow Dash.  Doth thou fair well?"

	The pony's muzzle scrunched up.  Tears trickled down her cheek.  She inhaled, shook, then squeaked, "No... No, Luna."  A sniffling.  "I'm not okay..."  She collapsed on shivering hooves, weeping into her forelimbs.  "N-nothing is okay..."  She hyperventilated, then wailed in a muffled tone.  "Everything is so horrible."

	Silence... and then:  "Wouldst thou wish to talk about it, our little pony?"

	"Yes... y-yeah..."  Rainbow gulped, nodding weakly into the moonlight.  "I think... I-I think I have to, your Highness.  I really do..."
		//------------------------------//
		// That Which We Drive Away		//------------------------------//

	"...and you know what the worst of it is?"  Rainbow Dash muttered towards the cosmos as she lay casually on her back along the bow of the Jury.  "It's not the over-one-hundred dead Lerringtons.  It's not how traumatized Kera is.  It's not how unhappy my friends and I have been as of late."  She gulped before saying, "Earlier today, while nearly crashing into the Frozen Sea from a dizzy spell, I could have sworn I heard a voice..."  Her jaw grew tight.  "Axan's voice..."

	"Just like the manner in which thou heard her at the battlefield between the Ledomaritans and the Xonans?"

	Rainbow D