ou were more than efficient in tackling the challenges of Stratopolis."

	"But you didn't know that, Roarke.  You couldn't have."  Pilate took a firm breath.  "You didn't know anything.  You were aware of the danger and threat of Stratopolis.  In fact, you were aware of it far more than myself, Rainbow Dash, and all of Lasairfion's company combined.  And yet you chose to put all our hope in the hooves of a blind stallion made to see through a fragile, mind-numbing device."

	"It worked well enough, didn't it?"

	"Indeed."  Pilate smirked sharply.  "Well enough for me to see you when you thought I couldn't."

	Roarke froze completely.  She slowly slumped her limbs down to the floor, hanging her head from the hull of the transport.  After several seconds, she turned around with shuffling hooves and faced Pilate.

	"At first, I thought the movement I detected was more undead creatures," Pilate said.  "I figured they had gained some intelligence and were stalking me from the perimeter of the Ocular Array's reach.  But that had to have been impossible."  He cocked his head to the side.  "And everytime I turned to examine this body more carefully, it suddenly and magically vanished.  Now... why would an undead pegasus fly away from its target while all its companions are rushing forward?"

	"Confusing things happen in combat," Roarke muttered.  "You were fortunate to have paid enough attention to deal with your immediate threats."

	"Roarke, my mind is used to working in several more dimensions than the average pony," he said, tapping the metal plate over his skull.  "And deeper, mind you.  Using O.A.S.I.S. takes intense concentration and sends my nerves on fire.  It's one reason why I prefer a calm and serene life of study and quiet reading."

	"I figured it was because you were simply a satiated breeder."

	"Hmmm..."  Pilate's lips curved.  "You truly are a clever pony, Roarke, but sometimes genius can blind you to simple details."  His brow furrowed once more.  "I know that 'Vaughan' never left me, Roarke.  When Rainbow and I flew through the clouds, when we fought at the door to Urohringr, when we nearly collapsed at Commander Hurricane's grave... you were there.  You were watching over us... over me."

	Roarke stood in dead silence.

	Pilate continued.  "I suspect that beneath all of that tough exterior... that virulent bitterness and apathy to all warmth and love... there exists a conscience, Roarke.  Am I wrong in suggesting this?"

	The mare sighed.  She sat down on her haunches and avoided the sight of his curious face.  "I had already made an assumption about the ponies Rainbow cared for, and it more or less led to our stopping by Lerris."  She gulped.  "I wanted to undo the damage done to the equines she cared for... the ones she loved.  But Kera was beyond salvaging.  Belle's mood was something that escaped my Searonese understanding.  But you?"  She tilted her head his way.  "You were the strongest link in the chain.  If I could find a way to lift you up... then perhaps... just maybe the rest of the 'family' could be dredged from the mire that I had inadvertently buried you in."

	"And your solution was to enable me to become a hero?"  Pilate raised an eyebrow.  "As if it would resurrect some forgotten piece of myself from the past?  My 'glory days,' as t'were?"

	"It worked reasonably well, from my estimation."

	"But you had no way of knowing that, did you?"

	"Erm..."

	"Which is why you chose to stick close by and monitor me while 'Vaughan' supposedly 'left for the Lounge ship?'"

	"No matter what unfolded, I was responsible for your fate.  I did not wish to shirk it this time."

	"Roarke, has it ever occurred to you that the poignance of a gift given under the pretense of enabling another pony was swiftly nullified the moment that you decided to play chaperone and guide me towards the supposed goal?"

	"I... I-I..."

	"And all of it simply to appease Rainbow Dash?" Pilate remarked sharply.  "As if my life, and even Belle's and Kera's, are all just means to and end?"
