
	Roarke was gritting her teeth at this point.  "I... I had thought that triumph—even the illusion of triumph—would be enough to pull you out of the abyss that Lerris had flung the whole lot of you."  She hung her head with a heavy exhale.  "I suppose I can now see how the entire endeavor can be seen as hollow and condescending.  It... simply did not occur to me at the time."

	Pilate stood in silence.

	"You... you must understand... even though I don't understand..."  Roarke fidgeted.  "I have never been proficient at expressing and empathizing feelings.  Problems in my life have only ever been solved with tools—be they weapons or mechanisms.  I engineered you to be one such tool, Pilate.  And..."  Her teeth practically cracked on the precipice of uttering it:  "I am sorry, Pilate.  I entreat you to forgive me for any wrongdoing.  You..."  She sighed and ran a hoof through her braids.  "You are not the only pony who's blind—"  She froze suddenly.

	Pilate had crossed the distance and was hugging her.

	Roarke winced.  "You are embracing me, zebra."

	"Mmmm... Indeed."

	"I... am at a loss," she grumbled.  "First Rainbow Dash, and now you..."

	"You're strangely pleasant when you are apologetic," Pilate said, leaning back with a smile.  "Do you actually think I'm angry with you?  Disappointed?  Aghast and insulted?"

	"I... I for once do not know what to think."

	"I am thankful, Roarke," Pilate said in a warm tone.  "Sight or no sight, I know an act of genuine sincerity when it crosses my path.  And I'm especially keen to recognize when it goes against the grain of what makes a pony."

	"Quite simply, I-I did not want more misery to befall you," Roarke said, squirming.  "I almost failed in that endeavor."

	"Mmmm... but you didn't."

	"Yes, but still—"

	"Roarke, if there's anything you must learn, it's how to accept that many things can be good."  He leaned forward and hugged her again.  "And that many ponies can actually be grateful."

	"Mmmmmnfffnnnngh..."  She groaned towards the ceiling, her face frowning.  "If you insist, breeder."

	"Hmmm..." He smirked over her shoulder.  "Now I know—once and for all—that you are not and have never been a changeling."

	"And why is that?"

	He chuckled slightly.  "Because you've yet to suplex me to the floor."

	Roarke's ears twitched, but she didn't budge an inch.  "I'm afraid you have me at a disadvantage..."

	"Changelings, for all of their talents and flare, don't do a very good job of changing, now do they?"

	"Erm... no..."  Roarke nodded.  A strange light lit the room, like glinting teeth beneath a brief smile.  "I-I suppose not..."



	"It's still chilly," Kera said, shivering slightly.  She turned and smiled into the high winds.  "Heh... but a good chilly."

	"Much more invigorating than staying below deck everyday," Belle said with a wink.  "Wouldn't you agree?"

	"Why wouldn't I?"

	"Yes... well... erm..."  Belle glanced aside with a nervous blush.

	Josho stood off to the side, cleaning his shotgun.  "Overprotective birds don't get much wind beneath their wings."

	"Huh?" Kera turned towards him with blinking eyes.

	"Josho..." Belle stifled a hiss.

	He merely smirked.  "Doctor, doctor?"

	"Nnnngh..."  Belle face-hoofed and sighed.  "Kera, let's just say that I'm far more keen on enjoying life than I was weeks ago..."

	"Yeah, okay."

	"Even if it doesn't make much sense at the moment..."  Belle reached over and caressed the filly's chin.  She smiled.  "I promise that I'm not going to be the same old mother hen to you."

	"Uh huh..."  Kera gazed off at the open waters, teetering left and right on her hooves.  "Boy it's windy."  She glanced over her shoulder.  "Y'know, I was thinking: what if I got my mane cut really... really short?"

	"Like Spark's blazes, you will—!"  Belle grimaced, cleared her throat, and exhaled slowly.  "We'll... uhm... t-talk about it later, 'kay?"

	"Mmmmmmmmkay."

	Swooosh!  Rainbow landed with a sheen of golden light.  "'Sup, melon fudges?"

	"Likew