ise."  Josho waved.

	"Enjoying the sunlight?  Good."  Rainbow spat the hilt of the sword out of her mouth and held the thing in the crooks of both hooves.  "I'm sure the sunlight enjoys you too."

	"Whoahhhh..."  Kera bounced up straight and leaned forward on her hooves.  "Is that what I think it is?"

	"Careful... Careful."  Belle tugged Kera back slightly from the blade.  "Uhm, Rainbow?  What are you doing with the pegasus zombie slayer?"

	"I've been staring at this thing all week," Rainbow droned.  "But, like, the light's too dim downstairs.  I figure I might see some of the details better if I brought this out here."

	"Just what in the hay are you looking for?" Josho spoke above the billowing air.  "I doubt these waters are gonna lend you a sharpening stone."

	"Nope, but the stones that this thing's already got are really egging me something awful."  Rainbow leaned her muzzle closer to the length of the blade.  "It's like a piece of ancient Equestria is trying to make sense to my brain from the inside out."

	"Once I get O.A.S.I.S. working again, I'm certain Pilate can help you study it, Rainbow."

	"Thanks, Ding-Dong, but for once I'd like to figure something else without the Zebra Notes, ya feel me?  And as it stands, this Sword could really use with some—"

	FLASH!  The sword lit up with golden fire from the hilt to its jagged end.  Within seconds, an ethereal voice wafted across the top deck:  "Commander Hurricane?!"

	"Aaack!" Belle jumped back.

	"Gaah!"  Rainbow dropped the blade to the floor.  Clang!

	Josho cocked his shotgun and aimed stupidly at the air.

	Kera stood in place, staring with wide eyes.

	Once more, the voice lifted, emanating from the vibrating blade itself.  "Commander Hurricane, it couldn't possibly be you.  Who is this?  Who has unsheathed the blessed blade after all these millennia?"

	The ring of ponies gawked at the blade.

	"Please.  Do not be frightened.  I am not mad.  I am simply curious.  Are you the descendants of Hurricane's brigade?  Do you know what happened to the pegasus detachment?"

	Rainbow's eyes squinted.  She stalked forward like a pensive cat.  "...Princess Celestia?"

	The sword pulsed once more with burning energy.  "Rainbow Dash...?!"

	"Princess Celestia!"

	"Rainbow, it is so unbelievably wonderful to hear your voice once more.  When you were last cut off from the moon's enchantment, we had feared the worst.  But how is it that you've come across Hurricane's weapon?"

	"Princess!  It is you!"  Rainbow yanked the blade up by its hilt and spun with it in the air.  "OmigoshOmigoshOmigosh!"  She gasped, beamed, then blinked.  "...what are you doing inside a sword?"
		//------------------------------//
		// And You Have My Sword		//------------------------------//

	"Millennia ago, Luna and I harnessed this sword out of our combined might," Princess Celestia's voice rolled against the high winds along the Noble Jury's top deck.  "It was meant to be a symbol for Equestrian sovereignty.  The harsh winter brought upon by the windigoes had just come to an end.  The three races of ponies had at last come together, and as our blessing to pegasi, unicorns, and earth ponies alike, we crafted this blade.  My sister forged it out of pure moonstone, and I imbued it with strong solar magic."

	The Sword of Solstice glowed with bright golden pulses, matching the tone of the regal alicorn's voice.

	"But not long after the unification of Equestria, a new threat had come upon the land.  It traversed the air above like a gray phantom, carrying with it boundless tempests and maelstroms.  My sister and I endeavored to banish it from the Equestrian skies, but we found the task far more daunting than we had originally imagined.  Whatever possessed this flying bastion of evil, it was empowered by pure chaos energy, the likes of which we hadn't fought since our first brush with Discord.  It became clear to us that this structure was older than even the alicorns, belonging to an age when the very foundations of the worldly plane were first