h a chaotic post."

	"It's... it's a lot less cheerful than that, Princess Celestia."  Rainbow gulped.  "Hurricane... uhm... she and her party didn't last long after piloting Strato—err... the 'chaotic structures' out of Equestria."

	Silence... and then:  "I see..."

	"You'll be proud to know, though, that they gave their lives defending the rest of the world from something far nastier than even you or Luna could have imagined.  In fact, my friends and I barely got away with our skin intact.  But... y'know..."  Rainbow smiled nervously.  "It's a good thing.  I mean, a lot of good has come out of this.  I know it's hard to believe, but you can totally kiss that evil floating city good bye and—"

	"Queen Chrysalis..."

	Rainbow blinked.  "...what about her?"

	"Did you run into Queen Chrysalis, Rainbow Dash?  Or perhaps her older and wiser sibling, Tchern?"

	Rainbow gawked at the other jurists, then stared at her reflection in the sword.  "Well... yes.  I mean, pretty dang much, yeah.  Ahem..."  She leaned forward.  "Why do you ask?"

	The broadcasted voice carried warmth—almost a ringing quality.  "Somehow, I knew, Rainbow Dash."  Pride resonated warmly from the blade.  "I knew that you had a hoof involved in it..."

	"Involved in wh-what?"  Rainbow bit her lip.  "Your Highness... h-has something happened in Equestria since we last talked?"

	"A most remarkable thing indeed.  In towns all across Equestria, sparse numbers of citizens suffered fainting spells.  When they came to, they... weren't quite the same as they once were.  For a brief moment, dismay and confusion swept the landscape from Appleloosa to Canterlot.  A few panicked parties even thought that the landscape was suffering a full-on invasion.  However, the citizens came across as entirely harmless.  Luna, in her infinite wisdom as Equestria's chief ruler, calmed everypony, then gathered the altered citizens in question together... to protect them.  Over the past few days, they've been recollecting long-lost memories about who they are and where they came from.  We now have nearly five hundred ponies—a new and tiny demographic—who have been added to the cultural fold of Equestria."

	Rainbow Dash exhaled.  "Changelings..."

	"If you have indeed stumbled upon Chrysalis—and now these shape-shifters have been freed from whatever previously bound them—then I can only imagine that, someway and somehow, you have done a good and harmonic thing over there, Rainbow Dash.  Perhaps, for the sake of these timid citizens under Luna's charge, you could do us all a favor and illuminate the situation?"

	Rainbow Dash took a deep breath.  She smiled warmly.  "You do love your illuminations, eh, Your Majesty...?"
		//------------------------------//
		// In Her Majesty's Royal Company		//------------------------------//

	"Nnnngh..."  Eagle Eye wandered into the ship's kitchen, his hooves taking him on a loose, zig-zagged path.  He blinked blearily, wincing from the bright light sources in front of him.

	As the room came into focus, the ex-mercenary caught sight of a familiar burgundy shape.  "Well, good morning, sleepy head," Ebon remarked with a smile, all the while stirring a pot full of a dense soup mixture.  "You certainly kerplunked for a long, long time."

	"Mmmf... I-I was up late last night, practicing sword and shield maneuvers on the top deck."

	"Pffft."  Ebon smirked.  "Didn't Stratopolis give you enough practice?"

	"Funny you should say that."  Eagle leaned against the doorframe and rubbed his muzzle, eyes blinking.  "In truth, I'm super behind.  Guess I wore myself out..."  A few more blinks, and he squinted at the cook.  "I thought we were scrimping meals for the time being."

	"Mmmm... We are.  But today, we've got reason to celebrate.  So I'm making extra broth for everyone."

	"Oh?"  Eagle Eye stifled a yawn.  "What's the occasion?"

	"You mean you don't know?"

	Eagle dizzily shook his head.

	Ebon glanced over.  "That's what you get for sleeping through half the day."  He grinned.  "Turns out Rai