nbow's sword that she found in Stratopolis is closely tied to Celestia."

	"Celestia?"  Eagle Eye's muzzle fell agape.  "You mean as in Princess Celestia?"

	Ebon nodded.  "The one and only!  That's why it's so empty below deck, in case you may have noticed.  Almost everypony is up top, listening to what the ruler of Equestria has to say."

	"Even Floydien?"

	"Even Floydien."

	"But... y-you came down here...?"

	"Well, somepony's gotta feed the rest."  Ebon smirked.  "Besides, at this point, Rainbow and Celestia are probably just catching up.  I already got a good earful, listening in on the Princess talk about Commander Hurricane, Chrysalis, and a bunch of freed changelings in Equestria..."

	"Wait..."  Eagle Eye suddenly stood up straight, his fuzzy ears perking.  "Freed changelings?  Chrysalis?"

	"Hmmm?"  Ebon glanced over while he continued to stir.  "Why, yes.  Seems like the Equestrians sequestered them from the rest of the populace until they could understand why there were suddenly shape-shifters in the kingdom."  He smiled.  "Turns out the changelings are mostly harmless.  Heh... almost makes you wish we ran into them instead of the ones who brought us to Stratopolis in the first place, huh?"

	Eagle Eye stared into the far corner of the kitchen.  "Did... did they even know that they were changelings?"

	"I... don't think so."  Ebon shrugged, glancing into his pot.  "From the sound of it, they've been posing as normal Equestrians for a long time.  Then, out of nowhere, they showed their true colors.  And it happened around the same time Rainbow Dash confronted Chrysalis face to face... well, maybe it wasn't her real face, but you get what I mean, Eagle—"  Ebon looked up, and he dropped the ladle in his grasp.  "Eagle?"  He blinked.

	The unicorn was gone.



	"...and that's just the thing, there were literally thousands of pegasi who were mutated by the purple slime," Rainbow Dash said, her mane blown by the high winds.  The ocean stretched around the Noble Jury in every direction as she paced a circle about the glowing sword lying atop the deck.  "I mean, I didn't exactly count them, as I was too busy kicking their ugly flanks... but you get the picture."

	"And that's quite distressing, considering that less than one hundred and fifty pegasi accompanied Commander Hurricane on her heroic trip."

	"So you see where I'm getting at, Your Highness?"

	"Indeed.  It's only logical to conclude that the majority of corrupted pegasi you encountered belonged to something other than the Pegasopolitan Officer's brigade."

	"Pilate and I think it's more of... y'know..."  Rainbow Dash swiveled and faced the sword.  "...the ancient pegasi I keep hearing about."

	"The ones to whom the 'Herald' were supposedly faithful to?"

	"All I've ever learned about them, Princess Celestia, leads me to believe that they were supremely bad dudes."  Rainbow's brow furrowed.  "What if they were responsible for all the nasty crud that happened in Stratopolis?"

	"Do you mean to suggest that they were the ones who steered the city into Equestrian airspace thousands of years ago?"

	"Erm... no.  Actually, I think they were wasted long before then."

	"Interesting..."

	"I know, right?"  Rainbow squatted by the sword, staring into its golden surfaces.  "Here's what I'm thinking.  The old world—Urohringr—was once whole, a solid ring of sorts.  But then it split up.  And these giant floaty city thingies—the Sentinels—were lost in all the chaos.  But—like—the pegasi found one of the Sentinels and took it over.  Now, based on what Belle has experienced in her past sequencing with the likes of Nightshade and Nightshade's foals, it's a firm guess that these pegasi were also responsible for splitting Urohringr up to begin with.  Now, wouldn't that make sense?  If they wanted to separate the pieces of the ring, then it makes sense that they'd want to—y'know—dominate the newer and smaller piece of real estate.  So they took over Stratopolis with the hope of flying it around and acting lik