e they owned the place.  And, for all we know, maybe they did.  But... like... at some point they bit off a little more than they could chew..."

	"And they infested themselves with this infernal, viscous material which you described..."

	"I know, right?"  Rainbow nodded.  "Princess Celestia..."  She gulped.  "What if there aren't any of these pegasi left?  What if they ultimately killed themselves off by doing this crap?"

	"I detect a great deal of distress in your voice.  Why does this possiblity worry you, Rainbow Dash?"

	"Well..."  Rainbow fidgeted, then ran a hoof through her mane.  "If all the pegasi are gone, then who do we have left who'll have a clue to undo the damage that's been done?"

	"From what you've told me, it sounds like that part of the world has more and more hints for you to uncover.  Even with all of the resources and historical archives of Canterlot at my subjects' disposal, you still stand to learn for more than we can about this."

	"Yeah, but... I feel like there's a lot that I'm supposed to learn in so little time."  Rainbow Dash bit her lip.  She flung a weak gaze towards Pilate, Bellesmith, and the others.  "And we both know it's very... very little time..."

	Silence.  Then, at last, Celestia spoke in a calm tone.  "Rainbow Dash, I cannot pretend to know what truly happened to these ancient pegasi—nefarious or not.  However, there is one curious observation that I must point out."

	"Hrmmm... yeah?  What's that, Your Highness?"

	"The inner workings of Stratopolis—including those adorned with the symbols of 'Urohringr'—responded to you and only you.  That said, it stands to reason that they responded in a like manner to Commander Hurricane as well."

	"Right.  And just what are you getting at?"

	"Simply that I do not think that all of the pegasi of whom we speak about actually died out," Celestia's voice said.  "And, if that is the case, then I refuse to believe that they are all innately evil."

	Rainbow Dash blinked.  She plopped back on her haunches, her ears twitching to the rattle of her pendant.  She turned her head with a dazed expression and glanced nervously at Pilate and Bellesmith.  The couple stared back, their expressions no less dumbfounded than Rainbow's.

	Far away, across the deck, past where Josho, Zaid, and Roarke stood, Eagle Eye lingered in the shadows of the ship's rear stairwell.  He listened in on the conversation, and his hooves trembled slightly.  Over and over again, he fought the urge to gallop out onto the deck, for something anchored him in place.

	"Princess Celestia," he murmured to himself in the faintest of voices.  "Have you seen the changelings?  Have you talked to them?"  For a moment, it looked like he had gained the strength to charge forth, but he held himself in place, wincing.  "Nnnngh... I can't.  I just... can't..."

	His ears drooped and his eyes grew misty.  Slowly, his gaze panned across the deck... until his sight fell upon Elma's timid figure.  From afar, the changeling looked as nervous and melancholic as he did.

	Eagle heard his heartbeat pounding in his skull.  Taking a deep breath, he slowly backed up and trotted down the stairwell, though his eyes remained locked on Elma as long as they could...
		//------------------------------//
		// The Sun Will Rise Again		//------------------------------//

	Ebon Mane dropped a bowl of broth onto the table in front of Josho.  The obese stallion licked his lips, levitated a spoon, and prepared to dig in—

	"Is Rainbow still up there?" Ebon asked.

	Josho froze within inches of a scrumptious sip.  He sighed out his nostrils and grumbled, "Yes, Mister Mane.  She's still on the top deck."

	"With the sword?"

	"With the sword." Josho leaned in again to sip—

	"How is that even possible?" Ebon thought aloud, rubbing his chin as he hobbled around the mess hall.  A burning sunset lingered beyond the portholes.  "I mean, what kind of a pony has an enchantment that powerful to communicate across such a long distance?"

	"Apparently a sun goddess wis