e enough to rule a western kingdom full of sparkles and rainbows.  Now, if you don't mind."  He opened his muzzle again—

	"It just... seems too good to be true, y'know?" Ebon remarked.  "I mean, between all of the chaos dragons and changeling queens we run into..."

	"Nnnnnnghhhhh..."  Josho's eyes rolled.

	"...I'm a little concerned if it's the real deal, ya feel me?"  Ebon's muzzle scrunched in concern.  "What if—like—it's some trick?  What if it was Chrysalis and not Hurricane who planted that sword there for Rainbow to find it?  What if the battle for Stratopolis never ended?!"  He spun about with panicked eyes.  "What if—"  Three spoons flew into his mouth, shutting him up.  "Mmmf-mfmmmmf-mmfmfmmf!"

	"Drool on your own time, worrywort," Josho grumbled, leaning to finally enjoy some soup.  "Mmmmf... I, for one, intend to relish the golden moment."

	Ebon flung both hooves up and popped the utensils out of his mouth.  "Well...!"  He frowned.  "The least you could to is say 'thanks for the meal,' you surplus sized hippop—"  He stopped in mid-speech, then squinted across the mess hall.  "Say... uhm... has anypony seen Eagle Eye lately?"



	Elma reclined on the sofa located in the bottom deck's navigation room.  A rumpled set of blankets were draped over the end.  Choosing to remain a bit secluded, Elma was allowed to "bunk" in that particular space for the duration of the Noble Jury's journey to Alafreo.  She was grateful for the peace and quiet, even though the engineering compartment loomed just a bulkhead away, rattling the ship's frame with a constant hum.

	In the changeling's hooves was a book labeled "The Frozen Wastes:  An Exploratory Description."  Somehow, Floydien possessed the tome in his library.  It was the first thing Elma pulled off the shelves when she spent the first night in the navigation room.  The book was known far and wide by geographers and merchants on more than one continent.

	"I've read this before..." Elma murmured to herself, almost in an inquistive fashion.  Her green eyes curved and she gulped.  "Or have I...?"

	Silence.

	She slapped the book shut with a sigh, then curled up against the blanketed couch.  She pulled her legs in tightly, envisioning what it meant like to be a hatchling once more.  Only...was she ever a hatchling?

	"Did you lay me, Chrysalis?" She murmured to the walls  "Or was it my mother... my other mother...?"

	The changeling ultimately winced.  She gripped her skull, moaned, and slid off the couch.  On tired hooves, she wandered over to a map lying on the cartography table.  She squinted at the illustration.  Across from the Frozen Wastes, the continent east of Alafreo was a nebulous blob, mostly unknown to Ledomaritan and Xonan map-makers.  She ran a hoof across the jagged fjords and mountainous peaks that represented her home.  For the time being, it was just as strange looking to her as it was to the ponies of the western continent.

	There was a knock on the door.  With a slight gasp, Elma turned towards it.  She gulped and said, "Yes?  You m-may come in..."

	Softly, the hatch turned and the door slid open with a metallic creak.  A lavender shade entered, one hoof after another.

	"Eagle Eye?"  Elma blinked.  "What brings you here?"  She glanced up through the metal ceiling.  "Usually you're spending dinner time with Ebon Mane."

	"Funny you should say that," he said, attempting to smile.  All that came out of him was a weak grimace.

	The changeling squinted.  "Eagle?"  She leaned forward.  "Is everything alright?"

	"I... uhm..."  Eagle Eye shifted slightly on his hooves.  He avoided her gaze as he anxiously asked, "I was wondering if we could talk about you..."

	"About me?"  Elma blinked.  "You mean... about Alafreo?  About turtle culture?  About the kingdoms east of my home?  Belle's told me all about your career as a mercenary.  No doubt someone as loyal as you would like to protect the Noble Jury against all obstacles—"

	"Erm... no, Elma," Eagle Eye shook his head.  "I was h-hoping that we could