 talk about the other you."

	Elma's dragonfly wings twitched.  She sat back on her haunches, took a courageous breath, and spoke in a firm tone.  "Alright, Eagle Eye.  What is it that you would like to know?"

	Eagle Eye straightened his mane and meekly looked at her.  "All that you have to give me..."



	"...and once we arrive, I guess it'll be up to me and whoever else volunteers to go ahead and scout the place out."  Rainbow Dash leaned against the wooden railing of the top deck.  She casually cradled the Sword of Solstice across her lower body as she stared up at the dimly-glowing skystone above.  "I mean, Alafreo's the only home that Elma Boreal knows.  But... she's been through a lot, y'know.  She might be better off staying with us."

	"Do I detect a hint of concern in your voice?"

	"Well, sure, Your Highness.  Elma saved Pilate's life and helped clear the cobwebs out of Kera's mind.  And all of this after her entire friggin' world collapsed.  It'd be a darn shame not to pay her back in a way she deserves it."

	"If being on board the Noble Jury is not the life for her, then surely she will tell you."

	"That's just it.  I dunno if she does have the strength to tell us."

	"Didn't you just say that this is the changeling who saved two of your best friends, and through purely courageous and selfless means?"

	Rainbow gave a long sigh.  Her lips curved a little bit.  "I guess it's kinda stupid, huh?"  She gulped.  "After all this time, to assume that my friends can't hold their own."  She ran her hoof through her windswept mane.  "I wouldn't be as far east as I am now if it weren't for them."

	"If you ask me, Rainbow Dash, Elma Boreal has proven that she has integrity and strength.  If nothing else, she deserves your faith."

	"True... true..."

	"I believe what you're planning about Alafreo is a wise thing.  Elma will convey to you her feelings in the end."

	"I guess I'm just afraid that... that..."

	"Yes...?"

	Rainbow exhaled, then muttered.  "That some way, some how, Lerris will happen again..."

	Celestia answered much sooner than Rainbow had anticipated.  "It is understandable for you to be so paranoid.  What happened along the warfront was truly terrible indeed.  I wish it had not ended up that way, but for all of our strength and power we cannot change the past."

	"No.  No, we can't."

	"And yet, not all is hopeless in your journey.  Did you not experience quite fortuitous circumstances back in Stratopolis?"

	"Well... at least a half-dozen of Seclorum's company died, including Aatxe.  And then you had the Lounge members that—"

	"Terrible tragedies indeed.  But was it all for naught?"

	Rainbow bit her lip.  Ultimately, she murmured, "We destroyed the city... we freed hundreds of changelings..."

	"Tens of thousands, I would venture to say, Rainbow."

	"All in a blink..."  Rainbow shook her head.  "And... like... are they actually doing okay over in Equestria?"

	"Absolutely," Celestia said.  "Granted, there've been a few dramatic cases, with shape-shifters who thought they biologically belonged to certain families.  But even they—for the most part—have begun adjusting to the new knowledge.  Most households have even considered adopting the newly discovered citizens into their fold."

	"No way..."

	"Why not?  After all, every one of us seeks the betterment of others.  Of the changeling citizens discovered in Equestria, at least a quarter of them had replaced actual, living breathing ponies.  But ever since they became cognizant of their situation, they volunteered whatever residual information remained in their minds.  Over the past few days, Luna has sent companies of the royal guard to secret places hidden throughout the kingdom.  Already, they have found more than half of the replaced citizens—frozen by Chrysalis' former broods into magically-induced sleep."

	"Wow, that's... th-that's pretty great, Your Highness."  Rainbow Dash smiled.  "So everypony's getting along back there?"

	"I would whole-heartedly agree."

	"I guess... e