h..."  Rainbow shrugged.  "I've seen so many places and dealth wish so much nasty stuff."  She gulped.  "Guess it's a bit hard to believe that a place as harmonic as Equestria still exists.  But, hey, that's home..."

	"And harmony exists with you, Rainbow Dash."

	"Hrmmm..."  Rainbow fidgeted, staring past the sword and into the wooden surface of the Noble Jury's top deck.  "Both you and I know I haven't exactly been doing things harmoni—"

	"Harmony exists inside of you," Celestia's voice said.  "You are doing great things.  You are doing good things.  If I cannot convince you of that, then ask any of the friends and allies whom you've earned along your journey."

	"Right..."  Rainbow nodded, her eyes a bit misty.  "I think I'll do that."

	The sword started flickering.

	With a gasp, Rainbow sat up straight. She craned her head and peered beyond the ship's stern.  The sun was going below the horizon.

	"Princess Celestia..."  She gulped.  "The Sun.  I'm afraid—"

	"I know, Rainbow Dash," Celestia said.  "Alas, it is Luna's duty."

	"Right..."  Rainbow nodded.  "I know..."

	"Still, fear not.  The Sun will rise again.  We now have quite the many opportunities to commune."

	"Yeah..."  Rainbow nodded again, smiling this time.  "The Sun will rise again..."

	"Sleep well, Rainbow Dash." Celestia's voice grew more and more distorted.  "Dream harmoniously... as y-you d-d-d-deserv-v-v-e—"

	Her voice cut off.

	Rainbow's hears drooped.  As carefully as she could, she hugged the sword and its hilt to her chest.

	From the open cockpit, Floydien turned his antler'd head and hollered back, "Done with the glow glow?!"

	Rainbow Dash nodded.  "Done with the glow glow."  She tightened her jaws and stood up.  "For now."

	
		//------------------------------//
		// It's Past Somepony's Bed Time		//------------------------------//

	Kera's green eyes opened.  She stirred, winced slightly, then propped herself up in the darkness.  Bringing a forelimb up, she rubbed her squinty eyes, then blinked at the bulkheads surrounding her.  Her ears twitched, but all she heard were the gentle breaths of two slumbering equines.

	Quietly, she shuffled over to the edge of her cot and leaned over.  Her eyes peered down through the darkness.  Two figures cuddled together on the lower bunk.  A striped shape hugged a yellow shape to his chest, sleeping peacefully.

	With a deep breath, Kera turned her body around, swung her legs out, and hung her limbs off the cot one inch at a time.  At last, after holding her breath, she released.

	The filly fell to the floor, landing on all four hooves with the slightest of echoes.  She tensed her body, squinting at the lower bunk.

	Pilate and Bellesmith shifted slightly, but neither woke up.  There was an ear-twitch or two, and once again both were still.

	Kera exhaled with relief.  After fidgeting for the space of half-a-minute, she turned towards the door, shuffled across the tiny crew compartment, and began turning the handle to the hatch.  Once it was open, she slid it slightly ajar with the tiniest of creaks, then slid out into the hallway of the second floor.

	Alone.



	"It's... very difficult to explain," Elma Boreal murmured, pacing around the navigation room.  "I mean... uhm... not that it's troubling to me, mind you.  I just don't know if I can make somepony else understand.  Somepony who's not like... well..."

	"It's too soon," Eagle Eye said, shaking his head.  "You've been through a lot.  I'm... uh... I-I'm very sorry, Elma."  He turned and made for the vertical crawlspace beyond the entrance.  "I'm sorry for bothering you—"

	"No.  It's fine."  Elma reached a hoof out, then bit her lip with her fangs.  "Erm... for the slightest moment—around the time when Rainbow Dash reached out to my... the other changelings—I felt a connection, you know?  And I don't mean with just the changelings in Stratopolis... but with every changeling who was presently obeying Chrysalis."  She stared across the luxurious room with a gaping expression.  "