ht off a manaship’s hull as it unclamped from the zeppelin’s gondola.  The escape craft evened out, and Pilate’s quivering eyes could see no less than two dozen pony shapes seated safely on the outer deck.

    A breath escaped him, and the zebra smiled.  “Blessed Spark,” he murmured with quivering lips.

    There was a groaning sound in front of him.

    Pilate turned to see.

    The five furnaces were burning brighter than the sun.  Their glass encasements had begun to fracture.

    The zebra’s ears folded atop his head.  He flinched--as if to turn away.

    Kapow!  The centermost furnace exploded, and vaporous streams of manaflame flew across the chamber.  All at once, he saw a spectacular flash of blue.

    And then he saw nothing.

    ”Aaaaaugh!”  Pilate curled up against wet grass in the drizzle of cold rain.  Her clamped a pair of hooves over his eyes as he shivered, hyperventilated.  “Nnnngh… mmmm… Bellesmith… beloved…?”  He lowered his hooves and peered across the darkness.  “Bellesmith… where are you?”

    There was a hushed roar in the distance, like thunder.  It was rushing towards him quickly.

    “Beloved?”  He tried standing up, but his legs felt weak… numb.  Nervously, he furrowed his metal brow and fired a pulse of mana into O.A.S.I.S.  The sphere around his neck did a scan of his immediate area.

    Hard vertical lines coalesced, showing waving grass and the streaking facsimile of rain drops. In the center of the ebony void, a soft muzzle formed, along with flowing, velvety soft bangs and a stubby horn.

    Pilate gulped.  “Belle… what’s going on?  Is everything alright?”

    Line by line, her face faded into blackness.  So, in desperation, Pilate activated O.A.S.I.S. again.  Her face drifted back into existence, only it was different now.  The lines were jagged, portraying a haggard face, a single surviving eye, and a long horn broken down the middle.  The thunder had arrived in all its clarity now, full of screams and the anguished death rattles of ponies.  The streaking rain gave way to the monochromatic tongues of flame as a savage hoof reached across the blackness and strangled Pilate’s throat.

    “Snkkkkt--Grkkk!”

    ”You may not be able to see what she does, zebra,” he sneered, smelling of blood and ashes.  ”But I’ll make sure you hear the child’s every scream.”  There was a metallic scraping sound, punctuated by Kera’s shrill shrieks.



    Pilate sat straight up, drenched in cold sweat.

    Darkness.

    He gritted his teeth and felt all around.  The Noble Jury’s infirmary bed was a mess of tangled sheets and loose bandages.  A bitter chill hung in the air of the room, and the bulkheads of the place hummed with the grace of puttering engines.

    Darkness.

    It took a full five minutes for Pilate’s heartbeat to slow to a steady pace.  He sat on the edge of his bed, feeling as the blood rushed back to his limbs.  Nervously, he twitched his about.  The silence was nauseating.

    “H-hello…?”

    Nothing.

    “Hello?!”

    No reply.

    Taking a deep breath, he reached forward, feeling around with bruised forelimbs.  His weight shifted forward, and he landed on the floor.  The stallion winced in pain, but he swiftly pushed himself up into a standing position.  This was no easy task; he had been bedridden for as long as he could remember.  Days… weeks… months--he wasn’t sure any longer.  Feeling his way across the miniscule compartment, he reveled in the sensory information: rivets and bolts brushing across his hooves.

    He could at least assume he was no longer dreaming.  It was at least cold enough to be reality.

    “Hello?”  This time, his voice echoed, for he had shuffled out into the long slender hallway of the ship’s middle floor.  He tilted his head to the left, facing what he knew to be the direction that the mess hall was in.  “Ebon?”

    Silence.

    He gulped and tilted his head to the right, facin