ash nodded.  "It was a reminder that someway—somehow—she is following me.  Keeping an eye out on me.  Observing everything that happens to me with her ancient... erm... dragon tingling or something."

	"Without a doubt.  Considering what thou hast done to free her sister from suffering, the Divine hath taken a great interest in thee."

	"But, your Highness, it's way m-more than that!"  Rainbow Dash sat up.  "Axan nearly killed me.  For all intents and purposes, she did kill me.  The only thing that made her spare my pathetic flesh is the fact that she figured out I was this 'Austraeoh' crap."  Nostrils flaring, Rainbow glared down into the cold waters lying in the darkness beneath the Jury.  "Now she's heck-bent on making sure I make this trip east, as if it's something that was prophesied or what-crap.  So that got me to thinking... why didn't she intervene at Lerris?"  The pegasus winced, her voice taking on a squeaking tone.  "What makes her think that what Shell did to so many innocent ponies and to the ones I care about was... s-somehow necessary?"  She brought a pair of hooves to her face, groaning.  "And then the shape-shifters and the doppelganger of Lasairfion who knew my name and... and..."

	"We can only imagine that thou feeleth remarkably overwhelmed, Rainbow Dash."

	"Nnnnngh... you have no idea.  Feels like the further I fly east, the less and less control I have over what happens—both good and bad.  But m-mostly the bad."

	Silence.

	Rainbow lowered her hooves from her face, sighing.  "And... and I've taken it out on my friends, all the while pretending to be protecting them.  I figured that my loyalty is the one thing hurting them.  In a lot of ways, it kind of is, at least in the way I see it."

	"When stuck in the pits of despair, it is undeniably easy to see every element of thy life as a flaw.  While this typically can be the signature of a wise and noble sentry, it too can act as a veil, under the shadow of which our greatest enemies travaileth to undermine that which maketh us strong."

	"Yeah, well..."  Rainbow Dash grumbled aside.  "I've got a crapton of enemies, it seems."

	"We art no strangers to malevolent shape shifters, Rainbow Dash."

	"Oh?"

	"In ancient times, before even the utilization of the Elements of Harmony, three older siblings retreated deep into the mountains of Equestria.  There, they fed off the caverns of crystals that they found in hiding..."

	"Wait... older siblings?"  Rainbow Dash raised an eyebrow.  "You mean... like alicorns?"

	"A brother and two sisters.  At one time, they would properly have been called alicorns, but they sacrificed their station as guardians of Equestria for the sake of selfish persuits. They were drawn to the magically imbued minerals located deep below modern day Canterlot.  The enchanted properties of the crystals granted immense power and improved magical prowess.  These alicorns were so addicted to the riches of this plane, that they forsook harmony for any sensation that the substances gave them.  Eventually, Celestia, ourself, and the other alicorns at the time had to intervene.  We succeeded in driving the three out of the mountains, but the caves had been stripped bare, and the consequences of the magical consumption had taken their effect on those whom we once trusted as our own flesh and blood.

	"The two sisters, Chrysalis and Tchern, were driven to the far corners of Equestria.  They took with them scores upon scores of ponies—minions who tragically shared in the curse that the crystals had brought upon them.  They could no longer harbor emotions like the naturally born ponies of this plane.  Instead, they had to mimic others in order to feed off of feelings of love, passion, and distress.  The sisters became queens of a nomadic brood, and they telepathically lorded over the mutated ponies who pledged their undying allegiance to them.  The only way the mortals could now survive was by operating under a hive mind with Chyrsalis and Tchern at the center.  The last time we ever saw them, they had fled 