 not what you wanted to ask me."

	Eagle was already nodding.  "The question that really bothers me is something I'll have to figure out on my own."

	"Very well."  Elma trotted quietly towards him.  "You want to know how sure I am of my connection to Chrysalis?  I'll tell you..."



	Outside, a tiny peach-colored shape huddled against the door.  Kera pressed her ear against the frame, hearing the muffled sounds of Elma's and Eagle's voices.  One sounded decidedly more distressed than the other.  Soon, the conversation quieted, and hoofsteps came closer towards her.

	With a sharp inhale, Kera flattened herself against the wall and flinched as the hatch swung open and in front of her.

	Eagle Eye stepped out, his eyes glazed and distant.  He stared at the floor, his ears twitching.

	Elma trotted out after him.  "Eagle Eye..."  She placed a hoof on his shoulder.  "Is... is there anything I can do?"

	"I'm... n-not the one who needs help."

	"I think I've been getting by quite nicely," she said with a nervous chuckle.

	"I... w-wasn't talking about you either," he said.

	She blinked curiously at that.

	He turned and gave her a light hug.  "Thanks for being so gracious to talk to me, Elma.  I hope I didn't disturb you too badly."

	"Not at all, Eagle Eye.  Quite frankly, I'm glad to have somepony to talk to."

	"You can come visit me and the other guys anytime..."  He leaned back and smiled at her.  "No need to stay down here all the time, alone with your thoughts."

	"It's... b-been difficult coming out of my shell," she murmured, when winced.  "Especially now that I'm getting used to the shell being inside of me..."

	"Heh, I can only imagine."

	"But... I-I think I'll take you up on your offer," she said with a smile.  "These have been an anxious few days waiting for Alafreo's western bluffs to show.  I wouldn't mind getting some sunshine."

	"Yes..."  Eagle smiled faintly and climbed up the ladder to the second level above.  "Just don't let Josho blot out the daylight.  The old stallion will do that."

	"Heheh..."  Elma waved.  "Have a pleasant evening, Eagle Eye."  She stood there, hugging herself slightly.  Then, with a contented sigh, she backtrotted into the navigation room, closing the hatch behind her.  Giving the handle a twist, she turned around.

	Kera sat in the middle of the floor.

	Elma jumped back, her green eyes flaming with fright. "Goodness!"  She breathed and breathed... then exhaled with relief.  "Kera, you gave me quite the start.  What are you doing up this late, little filly?"

	The foal stared up at her with unflinching green eyes.

	Elma's fanged lips pursed.  "Kera?"  She took a nervous step forward.  "Kera, what's wrong, honey?"

	Kera started shaking.  At last, she blurted, "Fix me."

	"Huh?"

	"Please."  A tear ran down Kera's tattooed cheek as she sniffled.  "I n-need you to fix m-me again..."
		//------------------------------//
		// Welcome to the Club, Precious		//------------------------------//

	Elma couldn't help it.  She chuckled slightly, nevertheless bestowing Kera a confused expression.  "Fix you?  What... wh-what do you mean, child?"

	"Please..." Kera sniffled, trying her best to stand up straight as another tear rolled down her face.  "You can do it.  I know you can.  You've done it before."

	"I... I don't know what you mean..."

	"Don't... grkkk..."  Kera hissed, her upper body heaving in anguish.  She stumbled, but caught herself with an oustretched hoof in time to sputter:  "D-don't play d-dumb!  You're the reason I'm here.  You're the reason I'm talking... walking... living."

	Elma stared at her.  After a deep breath, she murmured, "Kera..."

	"I need you to fix me!  Right n-now!"  Kera began hyperventilating, her knees wobbling.  "Don't make me beg you."

	"What I did was very impulsive and dangerous," Elma said.  "I nearly hurt myself very badly.  And to what end?"  She tried smiling reassuringly.  "Kera, it was your inner strength that kept you preserved all this time.  All I did was pull the wool out f