rom over your eyes.  Being 'fixed' has nothing to do with it—"

	"But you did it!" Kera shrieked.  "You totally did!  And it's... it's fading..."  Kera gave the walls a five thousand mile stare as her breaths came in tiny little squreaks.  "I can feel the fire again.  I can smell the blood."  Her ears folded as she started backing up from everything and nothing.  "He's coming... he's coming to g-get me..."  Sparks billowed out from her horn.  Everything that wasn't bolted down inside the navigation room lifted slowly into the air.  "I can see his eye in the starlight... like a beacon... and he's going to f-find me!"

	Elma panicked.  She batted floating books away, rushed forward, and grasped Kera's shoulders.  "Kera!  Please!  Concentrate!  You mustn't—!"

	"Eeenngh!"  Kera lightly batted Elma's forelimb.  The changeling flew across the room as if launched by a cannon.  As Elma's vision returned, she looked up to see Kera stumbling against the door to the engine room.  By now, the bulkheads were rattling from the sheer energy wafting off of the filly's horn.  "Fix me!  Quick!  Before he makes another pony suffer!"  She sobbed into her curled hooves while her mane billowed behind her.  "I don't him to get Mommy and Daddy!  It's all my fault!  It's all m-my f-f-fault!"

	"K-Kera...!"  Elma winced.  She saw the rivets jostling on the doorframe to the engine room.  Cursing under her breath, she briskly spun around and climbed up the vertical passageway to the Noble Jury's second floor.



	Pilate's ears twitched.  Seconds later, his blind eyes opened.  He sat up in bed, holding his breath.

	"Nnnngh... guh... b-beloved...?"  Bellesmith murmured drowsily, turning over beneath the covers.  "What... mmmf... what is it...?"

	"Do you hear that?"

	"I l-left my magical zebra senses b-back in Ledomare, Pilate..."

	"Belle, I... I think the ship is shaking?"

	"Mmmm?"  Belle looked up, eyes thin as paper slits.  "Maybe Roarke is finally taking her aggressions out on Zaid."

	"Belle, I'm serious..."

	With a creak, the door to the cabin flew open.

	"Who—?!" Pilate gasped.

	Belle looked over, squinting.  "Elma...?"  She sat up, rubbing her eyes.  "Elma Boreal?  What's the matter?"

	"Please..."  Elma stammered between panting breaths.  "You two need to come down to the navigation room.  Quick."

	"What's going on, Elma?" Pilate asked, stretching his hooves and swinging out of his cot.  "You sound terribly distraught."

	Belle blinked.  The bleariness flew out of her eyes in a flash.  "Kera...!"  She reached to the wall, lit the lamp, and glanced up at the empty bunkbed above them.  Jaw agape, she looked at Elma.

	Elma merely bit her lip.

	Belle flew out of bed and scampered into the hallway.

	"Belle!"  Pilate wheezed, stumbling to catch up.  Elma held his hoof and led him carefully towards the vertical chamber.  "Belle, don't go alone!"

	"He's right, Belle!" Elma called out.



	Belle was already sliding down the ladder between the observation room and navigation.  Before she even reached the bottom floor, a strong wave of mana shoved her off the rungs.  Her body flew heavily into the makeshift barrier erected in the doorframe to the observation room.  "Oooof!"  She rolled onto the ground, her mane kicked by an otherworldly wind.  She looked up—wincing—and saw a pulsating source of green light inside the navigation room.

	"Blessed Spark..."

	"Belle!  How bad is it?!" Pilate shouted from above.

	Elma's voice interrupted.  "I'm sorry, Belle!  She just came to me after I was finished talking with Eagle Eye!  I didn't even realize she had entered the room!"  The changeling carefully made her way down with Pilate.  The two picked Belle up and braced themselves against the waves of telekinesis.  "She asked me to 'fix her!'  The poor thing was so frightened and confused!  Suddenly, before I knew it, she was starting to have a panic attack!"

	"That's one way of putting it!" Pilate exclaimed, then bravely trotted towards the doorway.  "Kera!  Kera, darling!  Please, 