reath, Pilate stood up straight with Belle's help.  Both rushed into the center of the room and scooped Kera up into their arms, holding her close.

	"Kera, I'm so sorry.  We're going to get through this, darling," Belle said, nuzzling the filly.  "I promise you.  You're a strong little pony.  You can take on anything."

	"It's so horrible..."  Kera whimpered, covering her eyes with a pair of hooves.  "Every time I dream.  Every time I see darkness.  He's there."

	"We can't allow him to haunt us forever, Kera," Pilate said.  "We have to live past the anguish.  We have to show that he's not won."

	"Just... so... so mad..."  Kera hiccuped, burying her face in Belle's chest.  "So stupid..."

	"Nothing stupid about needing to find yourself," Bell murmured, kissing her forehead.  "No matter how many steps it takes..."

	Kera said nothing.  She simply shivered, surrendering to Belle's and Pilate's embrace.

	Eventually, the door to the engine room opened up, and Props stumbled in, clutching a wrench.  "Where?!  Where are the windigoes?!  Hmmm?"  She slid her goggles up and blinked at the tender scene.  "Oh.  You guys.  Did Kera eat the windigoes?"
		//------------------------------//
		// A Dizzying Account of Things		//------------------------------//

	"So... uh... is she..."  Rainbow Dash scratched her chin and turned to gaze sleepily towards Pilate.  "Is she pulling on through?"

	Pilate cracked the door shut to Belle and Kera's crew quarters.  He then tilted his head towards the pegasus.  "It is difficult to say.  There really is no measure for this sort of a thing.  She'll most likely be dealing with these scars for the rest of her life, as will the rest of us."

	Rainbow Dash nodded.  "I understand.  Believe me."

	"I'm simply glad that Elma came to us when she did.  The sheer amount of magic that Kera can channel is unbelievable.  We were quite close to losing another part of the Noble Jury."

	"I heard a lot of screwy stuff went down while she was losing it."

	"Nothing we can't live without," Pilate said.  Then, with a nervous chuckle, he said, "Nothing Mr. Floydien can't live without."

	"Yeah, but we all know how much you like maps and books n'crap."

	"Regardless, most of that stuff is behind me.  Behind all of us."  Pilate leaned back on his haunches.  "I'm good at following maps, Rainbow Dash.  I'm not quite so good at making them."

	"Val Roa's east of us, right?"

	"Er... from what I understand."

	Rainbow smiled wearily.  "Then all we need is for a few good ponies to point us towards it and we're good.  Who needs a map?"

	"Well... erm..."

	She shrugged.  "I got along just fine without a map for the longest time."

	"Yes.  And it served you well."

	"It could serve us all well, you know."

	"But it's unknown territory, Rainbow," Pilate remarked with a gaping expression.  "I know we haven't yet got evidence of any wars or tyrannies taking place, but it's still a whole new continent with hitherto undiscovered—"

	"We have the Sword of Solstice," Rainbow said with a smile.  "We have first access to the voice and wisdom of Princess Celestia." She winked.  "I think we've got things covered in the safety department."

	Pilate took a deep breath.  "Yes... yes, I suppose we should look on the bright side of things.  Erm..."  He winced.  "All puns forgiven."

	"Spoken like a true blind zebra."

	"Props has the skystone working.  Kera may be struggling, but at least she's speaking again.  Roarke's on our side once more.  You're no longer having your dizzy spells.  We're about to make landfall at any moment—"

	"Four times."

	Pilate's ears flicked.  "I beg your pardon?"

	Rainbow sighed out her nostrils and murmured, "I've had dizzy spells four times since we left Stratopolis."

	"Four... t-times...?"

	"Mmmmf..."  Rainbow Dash nodded, gazing off down the second floor corridor.  "I can't very well count the moments that happen in my sleep."

	"Rainbow...!"  Pilate hissed with a shocked expression.  "Why haven't you told anypony?  Are they happening 