face so that they were gazing at each other.  "Hey.  Look right here.  It's me.  Okay?  I haven't gone anywhere and I'm not about to."

	Ebon gazed anxiously at him.  After several seconds, he cracked a soft, weak smike.  "Okay...."

	Eagle slid both forelimbs forward, enveloping Ebon into a tender hug.  Ebon sniffled once, but quieted as he nestled his chin into Eagle's soft mane.  All the while, Eagle remained staring quietly—pensively—into the corners of the room.

	Hours passed.  Somepony fell asleep before the other.  The night carried on.
		//------------------------------//
		// Laugh Tracks Are Not Included		//------------------------------//

	Rainbow Dash lay upside down, her head dangling off the very bow of the Noble Jury.  She squinted at the dim horizon while the wind kicked at her prismatic mane  After several languishing minutes, she rolled her eyes, yawned, and kicked off the ship's hull.  Flapping her wings, she carried herself around and about until she glided to a stop in the middle of the top deck where the golden sword waited.

	Picking the hilt of the weapon up in the crook of her hoof, she swung it a bit left and right, feeling the weight of the thing.  Not long after, a shuffling sound came to a stop behind her.

	"Hmmmf... morning, Floydien," Rainbow muttered without looking.  "Say, it's gonna be sunrise soon.  Ya mind slowing the ship down a bit so that the wind won't be so noisy?  Thanks."

	"The only thing I can do with wind is break it," Josho's voice said.

	Rainbow blinked, then glanced over her shoulder.  "Oh."  A bleary smile.  "Hey, big fella."

	"Hi yourself, ya talking surf board."  Josho strolled to her side, his eyes on the sword.  "You still out here talking to Your High and Sliceyness?"

	"Actually, just about to," Rainbow said, stifling a yawn.  She motioned towards the half-open cockpit where Floydien's cloven hooves could be seen.  "Was hoping to tell the sky elk to slow us down a bit so I can hear Celestia's voice better when the dawn breaks."

	"Don't we have some place to be?"

	"And we'll get there better with an alicorn's illumination to light the way.  Trust me."

	"Yeah.  Sure."  Josho turned around and leaned lazily against the edge of the deck.  "You think she'll tell us anymore about Chrysalis?"

	"Believe it or not, but I think we know more about her than the Princess does."

	"No kidding?"

	"I guess?  I dunno..."  Rainbow shrugged and stared at her reflection in the blade.  Her eyes spun around each of the six multi-colored jewels.  "You know, you think you're on your own.  Even with a gaggle of friends, you think that all that matters is fighting off creeps and getting out alive.  And then you find out that something you've done has incidentally saved an entire race of ponies all across the world.  Saved them from oppression and all that unsexy stuff."

	"Do you feel like a hero?"

	"I feel freaked out of my featherstalks," Rainbow Dash muttered, her eyes darting over towards him.  "It's enough that I worry about you and the rest of the Jury.  But to be constantly reminded that—like—the stuff I do and can do may have an impact on the rest of the world?"

	"Yeah, well..."  Josho shrugged.  "You seem like the mare for the job."

	"Sure.  Maybe."  Rainbow exhaled softly as she gazed at the blade.  "Still, it was really wicked sweet to get this blade out of the whole mess.  Almost like a trophy, only it lets me catch up with stuff back at home."

	"You don't sound half as enthused as somepony might think."

	"Only 'cuz, for the longest time, I wasn't."  She turned and smiled limply at the horizon ahead of them.  "You know, there was a time when I absolutely hated the very sight of the rising sun."

	Josho squinted.  "Then why did you friggin' fly towards it?"

	"Because I had to be better than that which I detested," Rainbow said.  She turned and gave Josho a warm grin.  "Now I'm struggling to be just as good as that which I love."

	With a nod, Josho quietly said, "You know, you spend your whole life searching. 