But if you live long enough, you find yourself questioning whether or not you deserve all the stuff you've ultimately found."

	"Yeah, well, here's hoping I live long enough to at least find that out."  Rainbow twirled the sword around with a sigh.  "'Cuz I sure don't have time or room for a trophy case."



	Bellesmith snuggled tightly against Pilate's side in the warm shadows of their bunkroom.  She stirred and stretched, a contented smile on her face.  Turning over, she reached a hoof out and stretched it around a foal-shaped impression in the cot... only the foal was gone.

	Belle's eyes fluttered open.  She lifted her head up, staring at the blank space.  A length of bedsheets lay on the floor, trailing towards the compartment's cracked door.

	After a long exhale, she droned:  "Pilate."

	"Mmmm?"

	"She did it again."

	"Mmmm..."

	Not even half a second later, a high-pitched screech emanated from the far side of the Noble Jury.  Frightened out of his stripes, Pilate jumped straight up and slammed his metal forehead against the top bunk.  "Augh!"



	Inside the mess hall, Eagle Eye flew out of the sofa with a start.  He telekinetically tugged all around him for a sword that wasn't there.  Panting, he heard the shriek once again and whirled to face the kitchen.

	"Ebon?!"

	"How in all that is roasted and garlicky could this have happened?!"

	"Ebon!"  Eagle Eye hyperventilated and broke into a gallop.  The panicked figures of Belle and Pilate weren't far behind.  "Hold on!  I'm coming!"



	Eagle Eye burst into the kitchen, breathless.  There, he and Belle and Pilate saw the cook sitting on his haunches, pulling at his mane in utter shock and horror.

	"It... but... that... wh-why...?!" Ebon sputtered.

	Several pantry doors were hanging wide open.  Dozens of pots and pans and containers lay on the floor amidst a liberal scattering of spilt foodstuffs.  Sitting atop an overturned pot inside a halo of crumbs, Kera balanced a bowl of lettuce in her lap and munched, munched, munched away.  Upon the culmination of Ebon's ramblings, she stared up with bored eyes.

	"Hrmmmfff?"  She gulped.  "What?  I was hungry."

	"But... but..."  Ebon whimpered, lips quivering.  "I was saving that!  Rationing it!  For all of us!"

	Kera gulped again.  "Well, that's kind of selfish, don't you think?"

	"Kera...?!" Belle squeaked.

	"Hey Belle.  Hey Pilate."  Kera smirked and held up a hoof-full of greens.  "Want a helping?  It's not grasshoppers, but I'm sure your squishy belly can deal.  Meh."

	"Kera, what's gotten into you?" Belle remarked, flabbergasted.

	"Half of our rations in one sitting, that's what!"  Ebon stomped his hooves, frowning.  "What I want to know is how!  You're just one filly!  What could possess you to raid our own storage like this?!"

	"Nnnnng-mmmmmmff!"  Zaid slid out from behind an open closet, scarfing down a carrot stalk.  He gulped and waved a clump of half-eaten vegetables in front of the filly's face.  "Hey, kiddo, you've got to try this crud out.  It can make your eyes see for miiiiiiles."

	"Grrrrrrrrrrrr—Zaaaaaaaaaaid?!"  Ebon's teeth grind so hard they could produce sparks.

	"Hey there, Sailbuttboat!"  Zaid grinned.  "Nice stalks.  I didn't know you had so many of them!  Well... urp... until an hour ago, at least.  Seriously, did it ever occur to you to bake a cake?"

	"What's the meaning of all this?!" Ebon shouted.

	Eagle tried sneaking up.  "Ebon, calm down—"

	"I'll calm down once he's tossed into the ocean along with a ball and chain!" The cook pointed and hollered.

	"Hey, relax!"  Zaid shrugged.  "So the little tyke comes to me, saying she's got a case of the munchies.  And I was like 'Shoot, that's funny, I've had the same case for thirty-five consecutive days, only no munchies!'  So that's when we figured, 'Hey, let's tackle our munchies together, and then the rest of the crew will be safe!'"  He belched, then grinned crookedly.  "That makes sense in some parallel universe, right?"

	"We have vanquished the munchies," Ke