ra said in a dramatic voice.

	"Belle..."  Pilate tugged at the mare's front right forelimb.  "If you don't mind..."

	"My pleasure."  She stuck her hoof out so that the zebra could rest his face against it.

	"Ebon..."  Eagle patted the enraged stallion's back and whispered into his ear. "The first killing is always the hardest.  Are you sure you wanna trot down this road...?"

	"Wuh oh..."  Kera said, wide-eyed, from behind a head of lettuce.

	Sweating, Zaid gave a nervous smile before dangling a limp bag of loose breadcrumbs.  "Uhm... some croutons...?"

	"Blaarghalblarghalblarghal!"  Ebon charged homicidally.

	"Whoops-a-poopsy!"  Zaid scampered to his hooves, scooped Kera up, and bolted out into the stairwell.  "Time to make like leaves and burn!"

	"Get back here, you pee-haired cult-sucker!" Ebon bellowed in a hysterical pitch.

	"Ebon!  Don't!  Ebon!"  Eagle galloped after him.

	Belle and Pilate were left alone in the littered kitchen.

	"Is it safe to look?"  Pilate tilted his head up. "Even for a blind pony."

	"I don't know..."

	"And should we be worried for Kera?"  Pilate fidgeted.  "Or happy for her?"

	"I... don't know."  Belle gulped.  "Perhaps both."



	"I'm gonna strangle you with your own manure-eating grin!" Ebon's voice shouted from the stairwell.

	"Whoah, doggy."  Josho spun about with wide eyes.  "No way in Ledo's uvula did the cook's balls drop overnight."

	"Buh?"  Rainbow Dash craned her neck to see.

	Zaid galloped at full-speed onto the deck with Kera strapped to his back:  "Weeeeeeee!"

	"I mean it!"  Ebon snarled, nearly foaming out the mouth as he chased the gangly stallion around and around the skystone support masts.  "I'll bury you so deep at sea that even whale crap won't reach you!"

	"H-heyyy!"  Josho grined, cracking his neck joints.  "I want in on this!"

	"No, you don't, old stallion!" Eagle huffed, then tried in vain to throw his petite weight in between the bodies of the fray.  "Everypony, please!  Murdering each other is very unfriendly!  At least last time I checked!"

	"Eagle, I adore you, but the next time you hug me it'll be through the trenchcoat I've made of his flesh!"

	"Pfft.  A trenchcoat?"  Zaid stuck his head out from around a mast, grinning.  "Be economic, dude.  Make a hoodie."  THWACK!  An angry burgundy hoof slammed into the wood, forcing Zaid to peak out the other side.  "Fine.  A scarf?"  THWACK!  Zaid backtrotted, sweating, from the middle of the deck.  "You know what?  Screw it.  Hipsters stopped getting into taxedermy as soon as it became popular."

	"Grrrrrr!"  Ebon launched himself at Zaid, only to be held back by Eagle Eye.  This didn't stop Ebon's hooves from reaching Zaid's neck, and soon all three stallions were being jostled and tugged around.

	"Hey!"  Kera giggled, pointing at Ebon's face.  "I didn't think it was possible to be that red!"

	"Yeah..."  Josho chuckled.  "It's like a raddish giving birth to beets that like to pleasure themselves in vats of ketchup!"

	"Josho!"  Rainbow gasped.  "Ebon!"  She gasped again.  Flapping her wings with a snarling expression, she hung over the wrestling crowd.  "Dudes!  For real!  Quit it before I wreck it!"

	"Don't look at me, Ralphbow Dash!" Zaid wished.  "He's the one with the Jockey Dahmer complex!"

	"You cost us our entire remaining stockpile of food!"

	"Dude, I offered you croutons!"

	"This is seriously getting out of hoof, Ebon—"

	"Zaid, knock it off!"

	"He's the one with the knocking and the offing!"

	"Please, just—"

	"Everypony—"

	"If we could only—"

	"Hey..."  Kera squinted eastward, shadowing a hoof over her eyes.  "Why's the sun so tiny?"

	"Kera, what are you even talking about?"  Rainbow Dash turned to look.  Her eyes blinked wide.

	The struggling stallions froze in place.  Zaid, Ebon, and Eagle blinked like some three-headed beast.

	Josho stepped out onto the ship's edge, staring out onto the horizon.  High above the water, a tiny light pulsed... pulsed... and pulsed again.  It stood out as 