a pinprick of illumination against a flat, dim horizon.

	"That... that's not the sun," Rainbow Dash murmured.  She glanced down at the dull, glossy sword, then back at the horizon.  "It's not up for at least a half-hour."

	"That's because some boomer is giving us the glow glow."  The cockpit door opened the rest of the way.  Floydien poked his head out from the pilot's chamber.  "Nancy Jane has been seen."

	"You mean...?" Ebon murmured.

	"A lighthouse," Eagle Eye said, his expert gaze locked east.

	Rainbow Dash hovered a bit higher.  As she did so, she heard the distant roar of crashing waves.

	"Land," she breathed.
		//------------------------------//
		// Another Testament of Rainbow Dash		//------------------------------//

	Floydien had slowed the Noble Jury's approach with Props' help.  The vessel was now cruising eastward at an easy glide.  The entire crew stood on the top deck, peering into the spectacle before them.  The closer they came to land, the louder the crashing surf pounded their ears from below, approaching an almost absurd volume.  This was because the land didn't have any soft, sandy shores to be seen.  Everything was sharp rock and jagged shoals.  The earth didn't rise gently out of the surf.  It jutted steeply and violently out of the ocean, forming a series of outrageously thin pillars that stubbornly resisted the tide.  In fact, these needle-thin mesas stretched eastward for as far as the crew could see, rising gradually with taller and taller spikes—dark and gritty at the bottom but topped off with dewy frost and splotches of alabaster marble at the peaks.  The air was cold, but not frigid.  Constantly, the waves threw themselves at the jagged bluffs with such strength that the spray reached as high up as where the Noble Jury hovered, sprinkling moisture onto the timid flesh of the gazing crew.

	The lighthouse that first alerted the crew turned out to be a far more elaborate thing as the vessel drew closer.  It wasn't anchored to the ocean floor, but rather propped on the very top of the westernmost cluster of earthen spikes.  Several of the jagged peaks had metal braces attached in a circle. These iron beams crossed over in a spiraling fashion, supporting a heavy vertical stalk in the center that erected itself high above the rest of the landscape.  A skeletonous array of diagonal metal bars wound about the entire vertical length, encasing a spiral staircase that culminated in a singular black box of a room within the bars—located right beneath the brightly lit lamp that illuminated the lighthouse as a whole.

	Down by the base of the "tower," several metal planks and walkways led to a cluster of humble little shacks—all crafted out of iron and aluminum—that balanced themselves perfectly atop an array of flat brass plates.  Along the outer fringes and facing the ocean, a series of gardens and planted flowers rested in shallow troughs.  A few spaces over, several windsocks and pinwheels faced the sea, twirling in the constant breeze.  It was a strangely tranquil sight that precariously loomed a few dozen feet above cacophonous, crashing waves.

	The sun had risen by the time Rainbow and the crew passed by the pulsating light house, and yet Rainbow's focus wasn't on the Sword of Solstice.  She hovered in little hummingbird zig-zags around the ship, studying the landscape from every possible angle.

	"It's... it's not abandoned, is it?" Ebon remarked.

	"Who do you think lit the lighthouse?" Josho grumbled.  "Cockroaches?"

	"I can't imagine anypony having to constantly deal with this noise," Bellesmith said with Kera balanced on her shoulders.

	"I don't think it is ponies, beloved."

	"I can't see anyone," Rainbow Dash said.  She glanced back at the ship from where she hovered alongside it.  "Who would want to live out here?"

	"I know!"  Props nodded.  "It's only an island!"

	"I don't think so," Eagle Eye said from where he leaned over the deck near the bow.  He looked north and west with a peering gaze.  "Or, if it is, it's a large island."

	"D