to the dark side of the world, where undoubtedly they had constructed a kingdom of malevolence where no sunlight or moonlight can be glimpsed... to remind them of the true love that they have forsaken.

	"Our brother, Sombra, was even worst off.  To evade our harmonic touch, he sacrificed his wings, his mind, even his own corporeal form to become one with shadow.  He fled to the frozen north beyond the borders of Equestria, and there he enslaved countless thousands of crystal ponies, harvesting their very essence in order to satisfy the hunger that his dark soul had become dependent on.  We and Celestia discovered him centuries later, and the battle we had was devastating.  We had succeeded in vanquishing him from this plane, but tragically he took the entirety of the Crystal Empire with him, burying himself and thousands of innocent ponies in shadow.  It was a terrible price to pay for ridding this land of his wicknedness, and there isn't a day that goes by when it doesn't dwell upon our conscience."

	"Yeesh, Your Highness."  Rainbow Dash winced.  "I knew you've battled nasty-nasties in the past, but I had no idea..."  She gulped.  "Your own brothers and sisters?  That's really tough."

	"Indeed, but not as distressing as knowing the fate of every pony that blindly followed Chrysalis and Tchern to the ends of the earth... nor the crystal ponies who fell into shadow along with Sombra.  But they art hardly the worse that this plane has to offer."

	"Oh...?"

	"When we succumbed to the darkness ourselves... when we became Nightmare Moon, we too brought doom upon thousands of innocent ponies."

	"Come on, Luna..."  Rainbow smiled weakly.  "It... it c-couldn't have been that horrible."

	"Alas, it was.  Thousands of unicorns marched to our evil cause, and even more sarosians flew in the shadow of our dark wings.  We brought war and cruelty to the land of Equestria, blanketing the countryside in eternal night, until every corner of the world was covered in darkness.  The worst part is that it wasn't the initial banishment to the moon that cleansed us, but rather the revitalization of the Elements of Harmony over a thousand years later."

	"Yeah... but... it all worked out in the end, didn't it?" Rainbow meekly asked.  "When Twilight and the gang..."  She fidgeted.  "When we gave you the zap, you were cleansed of all that nasty Nightmare Moon junk right?"

	"Yes, but it still hath not taken away the scars that we hath caused, the generations upon generations of persecuted sarosians, the unicorns who died attempting to defend a malevolent dictator who was banished centuries ago."

	"Ouch."  Rainbow Dash grimaced.  "I... I-I don't know what to say, Luna.  I mean, from the way I hear it, y-you're totally a good alicorn in spite of all that."

	"Indeed, we are cleansed of the horrible taint, and we hath endeavored to raise the sun and moon with unwavering diligence.  Thou must realize, Rainbow Dash, that in this age—just as in ages previous—evil always finds a place to bring anguish and torment.  But where there is evil, there is always the opportunity to bring about good.  While Chrysalis and Tchern morphed into horrible mimics of their past selves, it taught the rest of the alicorns the dangers of crystalline addiction, so that we could better protect the mortal populace.  While Sombra enslaved thousands of ponies, his reign was put to a vicious end before he could grow powerful enough to corrupt millions.  And while Discord nearly managed to convert the entire world to chaos..."

	"Yeah, I hear ya..."  Rainbow Dash muttered.  She nervously rubbed a hoof across her pendant, sighing.  "While I'm glad that dude kicked the bucket, I'm not all that happy with what it took to do it."

	"Nor can we expect thee to comprehend—much less appreciate the good that hath come out of thy adventures as of late.  While it pains us to hear of Nevlamas' passing, we are pleased to know that she was stopped before she could bring corruption to the entirety of the realm beneath the world.  And it would seem, Rainbow D