o you see where the jagged bluffs end?" Ebon asked.

	"Uhm... I think the jagged bluffs are what make this place."

	"Neato keano," Props murmured.

	"If this is the mainland, then we stand to be outnumbered," Roarke droned.  She gazed over at Josho.  "This might be a good time to grab your gun."

	"Right—"

	"No!"  Rainbow Dash spun, waving a hoof.  "We're here to be peaceful!"

	"And how do we know that they are gonna be peaceful?" Josho muttered.

	Ebon gulped.  "Everywhere we seem to go, things are wanting to kill us."

	"Come on, burgundy."  Zaid smirked.  "Have a smidgeon of faith for once."

	"You're lucky I don't give you a smidgeon of arsenic."

	"Pfft.  You still on that, buddy?"

	"I'm with Mr. Zaid on this one," Pilate said, then squirmed.  "Partly."  He cleared his throat.  "Let's not jump to conclusions."

	"Yes," Roarke nodded with glinting lenses.  "Let's just let the local populace jump us first."

	"Roarke..." Rainbow muttered.

	"Hey."  Kera pointed.  "Look."

	Everyone turned their heads to see.

	As the ship passed over a cluster of jagged peaks, they spotted a round plate situated on the very top of it.  A two-story shack was situated in the center of the plate, and the crew could see a figure shuffling slowly, slowly out of the front door.  In the early dawnlight, a peppery turtle shell glinted.  A reptilian head looked up, then smiled a beaked smile before waving limply at the Jury.  As the shadow of the ship passed, the turtle continued his long stroll towards the first of several metal hanging bridges fastened between more plates resting atop more stone peaks.

	"Well, they seem friendly enough," Props said.  She adjusted the goggles over her eyes and blinked at the others.  "Unless waving is a turtle's way of saying 'Die a thousand deaths in candle-time.'"

	"So, is this it, then?" Ebon remarked.  "Is this Alafreo?"

	"All of it is Alafreo," Elma said.  Everypony turned to her.  She stood in the doorframe to the cockpit with a dull expression hanging off her chitinous features.  "The province covers a good chunk of the northwest edge of the continent, at least until the land draws dense to the east, beyond the Churning Line."

	Rainbow flew down and hovered before Elma.  "We could totally use your help in getting around this place, Elma."

	The changeling gulped and nodded. "I'm very much willing to do what I can."

	"But still... if you're up to it, we could..."  Rainbow Dash rubbed the back of her head.  "You know..."

	Elma nodded.  "I've been thinking about it a lot.  Especially... uhm... especially overnight."  Her eyes fell upon the furthest edge of the group.

	Eagle Eye avoided her gaze, fidgeting.

	Elma glanced back up at Rainbow Dash.  "But... b-but would you be willing to talk to the cityfolk first?  I... I-I don't think I'm quite ready to see my family again.  I mean..."  She winced.  "Elma's family..."

	"Sure thing."  Rainbow nodded.  "We'll do whatever we can.  So... uhm..."  She cleared her throat.  "What city is this and how do we find it?"

	"Look for a large cluster of brass plates centered around a tall stone spire with pronged peaks.  There'll be a bright violet torch burning in a cauldron hanging from the two promontories.  It's... r-rather high up, and definitely north from here.  There'll be some snow, but no blizzards.  At least... hopefully not."

	"Uhhh..."

	"And the township's name is Abinadi," Elma said.  "If you have a hard time finding it, you can ask any of the sentries."

	"Sentries?"

	"Peak Watchers on small dirigibles," she explained.  "They're probably taking off right now as we speak.  Eagle could easily spot them.  They're always tethered to a rocky Sentry Station on the outlying spires."

	"Well, alright."  Rainbow nodded and flew out beyond the edge of the ship.  "Watching for Peak Watchers.  You got all that, EE?"

	"Right.  On it," the stallion said, peering.

	"Is it a bad thing if I'm excited?" Props said in a bouncy tone.

	"Speak for yourself," Roarke droned.  She sat back on