 her haunches and folded her forelimbs.  "Looks like I'm not shooting anyone today."
		//------------------------------//
		// When in Alafreo, Do As		//------------------------------//

	"Good heavens!"  A snapping turtle adjusted his bifocals and smiled against the early morning glow.  "They have wings now!"

	Rainbow Dash hovered in front of him.  "Errrrrr... yeah.  Sure."

	The Noble Jury was yards behind her, coasting eastward slowly.  Rainbow had jumped off and flown over to speak with the pilot of a tiny, tiny gondola suspended from a wobbly balloon.  Tiny gears and motors puttered all around the miniature gondola, and a thick rope connected it to one of several jutting cliffaces down below.

	"Tell me, madame, are they real?" the turtle asked.  "Or the product of leather stitchwork combined with mana reinforcement?"

	"Seeing as I was born with them, I'd say they're about as real as horse wings get," Rainbow said with a nervous laugh.

	The turtle laughed, coughed, then ultimately cleared his throat.  "Ahem.  Yes.  Well, we certainly don't get much like you visiting around these parts."  He adjusted the controls of his dirigible, pivoting it around to face her more directly.  "As a Peak Watcher, I often dream of spotting more exciting things than the errant, stray seagull."

	"Believe me.  There are a lot of 'exciting things' from back west that you are better off without brushing paths with."

	"So you are from across the Wastes, then?  Hmmm?"

	"Er... yeah.  You could totally say that."  Rainbow nodded.  "Well, I guess the bulk of my friends on board, are."  She pointed at the Noble Jury.  "Three are Ledomaritan.  One's a Xonan, another's Searonese.  Two are from Gray Smoke.  One's from Franzington.  And then we've got an elk and... uhm... an idiot."

	"Sorry to say, but very few of those names have any meaning to me, madame," the turtle said.  "Except for Ledomare and Xona, of course.  Horrible... terrible war they're embroiled in, from what we Alifreons have heard."

	"Well, actually, that war's kinda sorta over."

	"Oh really?"  He smiled through his beak.  "How fanciful.  There seems to be a common pattern now."

	"What... k-kind of pattern?"

	"Three fishing ships have returned to the Churning Bluffs over the past week, and all of them have claimed that the Flurries have dissipated.  Hah!  Can you imagine, the Wastes without a maelstrom!"  The turtle adjusted his bifocals again.  "I'll tell you one thing for sure.  It'll certainly make trade and shipping lanes a lot less treacherous."

	"Yeah, imagine that."  Rainbow fidgeted in midair.  "Say, uhm. Sorry to break a conversation short, but I gotta get my friends someplace."

	"And just where might you be heading?"

	"We're looking for a town called 'Abinadi.'  I... uh... I do hope I'm pronouncing that right."

	"Hmmmm... Good metalworking village.  Also, home to some of the finest filet of fish this side of the Churning Line."  The turtle smiled.  "The twin peaks above the township hold a burning brazier that is almost impossible to miss."

	"Yeah.  I've heard about that.  But I still dunno whether we're to head north or south."

	"You'll wish to turn north a bit," the turtle said, rotating his gondola about so he could point past a ridge of rocky spires.  "Skim the southern edge of the bouldery ridges.  You'll know you're getting close once you see smoke in the air.  There's a foundry not far from the twin peaks, and it's constantly billowing fumes from the forging stations.  They built it so that the smog is carried off along the northern currents, you see."

	"Alrighty.  Thanks a ton."

	"No, thank you."  The turtle smirked as he pulled a pair of levers and ascended his balloon.  "For giving me a conversation I won't soon forget."



	Rainbow Dash flew low over the crooked rock structures.  Every now and then she'd look behind to make sure the Noble Jury was following closely.  Floydien and somepony else inside the cockpit would signal back, so Rainbow continued her careful flight.

	Every now and then, a n