ervous twitch would overcome the mare, and she'd jerk her eyes left and right, envisioning some horrible battleship emerging from the spires or a deeply nestled sniper with a manarifle attempting to pick her friends off.  But nothing dramatic of the sort happened.  The air was calm, blisteringly cold, but somehow soothing.  Flakes of snow fell gently to the rock summits, and far below Rainbow could hear the roar of waves constantly churning between the hard foundations of the slender mesas.  It made for a soothing backdrop of white noise to the mostly peaceful environment.

	At last, she did see smoke.  A current of dark gray fumes carried its way north, bending sharply towards the arctic horizon from a trough of wind.  Following the source of the trail, Rainbow could spot a billowing pulse of light along the horizon.  What looked like a tall tower loomed in the distance.  As the sun rose and as Rainbow scaled more plateaus, she saw the tower morph into double spires, in the center of which—high up—was a wide and shallow cauldron suspended from four massive chains.  A blazing fire rippled from the center of the brazier, casting a cool, pale glow across the plates below.

	The metal platforms almost entirely covered the rock formations beneath Abinadi.  For the first time since entering Alafreo, Rainbow Dash saw massive courtyards and four story buildings and urban districts with enough room to allow roadways and traffic.  A ring of dense apartments formed in the center, and they connected via suspended walk-ways and metal hanging bridges to other plates where blacksmiths and metalwork shops were huddled.  It was still early morning, but Rainbow could see that more than half the city was already awake and bustling.  She saw turtles at their forges, hammering metal tools and planks into shape.  From what she could tell, they were building pieces of bridgework, presumably for expanding Alafreon cities all across the continental shelf.

	Several of the residents looked up at Rainbow Dash and the Noble Jury.   Most of their eyes were locked on her and her wings predominantly, and this led to all sorts of bright eyes and murmuring conversations.

	Rainbow Dash fidgeted.  She looked up at the Noble Jury and signaled them to come to a stop.  As the vessel hovered still, she glided down and landed in the middle of a random street.

	Her hooves struck metal plates and rivets.  It was an odd way to make her first landing on a continent, but she wasn't about to complain.  Sea turtles, tortoises, and snapping turtles gasped and murmured from apartments, workhouses, and store fronts.  Rainbow glanced at them all, cleared her throat, and said, "I'm... uh... looking for the Boreal family."

	"You mean you talk too?" a female tortoise uttered from a street corner.

	Rainbow couldn't help but smile.  "Yeah," her voice cracked.  "So I've been told.  Anyways, the Boreals—?"  She felt a scaled foot touching her feathers.  She glanced behind her.

	A young male turtle was stretching and unstretching her wings.  "Just like a bird.  How ingenius."  He glanced at her.  "How long did you take to build them?"

	"They're real.  Look, this is really important, here.  I'm trying to find a specific family of snapping turtles.  Do they even live in this place anymore?"

	"What name did you just say, dearie?"

	"The Boreals."

	"Hmmm... quite the common name.  Could you be referring to the Boreals who own the western foundries?  Or the Boreals who fish along the central canal?  Or maybe the cave diving Boreals of the Churning Ridge?"

	"Uhhhh..."  Rainbow gulped.  "The Boreals who... recently or not-so-recently lost a family member."  Her eyes narrowed.  "By the name of 'Elma.'  Elma Boreal."

	The various turtles and tortoises glanced at one another.

	A citizen walked out from a nearby house and tugged at Rainbow's mane.  "Perhaps, ma'am, you would like to speak to Boxer."

	"Who's that, your leader or something?"

	"Hmmm... something to that extent." The turtle smiled.  "He is the elder of the group.  Every tur