tle in Abinadi looks up to him."

	"You think he'll know all about the Boreals?"

	"Presuming the family you're asking about have been hatched sometime over the past four hundred years, then yes."
		//------------------------------//
		// How Many Licks It Takes		//------------------------------//

	Rainbow Dash stood on a metal balcony beneath the twin spires and their burning brazier.  Using her wings to stabilize herself, she motioned at the object floating down from the Noble Jury.  The black sphere followed Rainbow's directions, descended slowly, and landed on the balcony's edge.  Then, with a hiss, its sides slid open, revealing three ponies inside.  Bellesmith and Eagle Eye trotted out, followed by Roarke who climbed out of the pilot's seat.

	"Roarke," Rainbow grunted.  "Leave the manapistol inside."

	The metal mare froze with the weapon in her grasp.  "Certainly you can't expect me to—"

	"No, I am ordering you to ditch it."  Rainbow frowned.  "These guys are friendlier than fuzzy kittens on Nuzzle Day.  Also, they're pretty dang intent on making us their guests.  I won't allow you to aim a boomstick at their beaks.  Got it?"

	Roarke's metal lenses pistoned in and out.  "Hrrrrrmmmf..."  She tossed the pistol back into the tiny Lounge transport with nonchlance.

	"Good."  Rainbow nodded.  "Now, let's—"

	With a metal snap, Roarke detached another pistol from her hip and threw it inside.  Then, with the others watching and blinking, she pulled a rifle out from behind her shoulder, retracted it, and dropped it into the ship.  She then unsheathed two concealed daggers, a trio of grenades, and a ring of shuriken.  At last, she stood before the group, relatively "naked" with just her metal leg-braces and brass plugs.

	Bellesmith stammered, "Is... is th-that it?"

	"Technically, I still have a taser on me," Roarke said.  "But..."  She glanced at the row of reptile onlookers.  "...removing that from where it's currently hidden may... come across as 'lewd' at the time being."

	"Uh huh..."  Eagle turned to Rainbow.  "Please tell me you found the Boreal family."

	"Almost.  I want you guys here for this.  Come on..."  Rainbow gestured and then trotted forward.

	"What do you need us for?" Eagle asked.

	"Moral support."

	"And as for Roarke?" Bellesmith remarked.

	"She's basically just walking metal porn," Rainbow muttered with a slight smirk.  "I mean, look at this place.  These Alafreons admire all things to do with metal work.  To them, Roarke is probably a goddess."

	"How delightful," the Searonese mare droned.  "I'd ask for a harem, but I'm sure the scales would chafe."

	"Shhhh!"  Rainbow led them into a dark tunnel at the base of a domed building.  "Okay, dudes, the guy's leader is named 'Boxer.'  He's super old but he's also super cool.  Just... let me take the lead, alright?"

	"Sure thing, Rainbow," Eagle whispered back, then peered upwards with glistening eyes.  He watched as they passed underneath hanging banners, rippling torches, and dangling braziers brimming with incense.  The interior of the building had a mystical, hazy atmosphere to it, and the rusted black walls were chiseled with elaborate designs and words and texts that depicted a glorious history.

	Soon, everypony's direction was centered on a series of cushions in the center of the room, flanked by incense and candles.  A turtle with an enormous shell sat in the center, his old thick legs draped in every direction.  At the sound of the ponies hoofsteps, he raised a wrinkly head.  A pair of gray eyes blinked through a filmy layer of mucus.

	"Hmmmm... so you've brought four more."  The grand old turtle gave a wrinkled smile.  "It's been at least a half century since I've had hooves sounding off the plates of this chamber.  How I do delight in the complexities of horse culture.  Ambitious, handsome, and unpredictable."

	"Boxer, I've returned."  Rainbow bowed her head and gestured.  "These three are my friends.  Bellesmith, Eagle Eye, and Roarke Most Rare.  They're all members of the Noble Jury."