

	"Splendid..."  Boxer nodded his frail head.  "Splendid indeed."

	"You asked to meet more of my kind, and here they are."  Rainbow took a deep breath.  "Now, perhaps, you would be willing to help me?"

	"Hmmm... first thing's first."  The aged turtle's head pivoted to face Bellesmith from afar.  "You, my darling."  Boxer's nostrils flared, then flared again.  His scaled lips curved.  "A proud mother, I take it?"

	"Actually, sir..."  Bellesmith fidgeted.  "I-I've never foaled.  But that is certainly kind of you."

	"Well, I do beg your pardon," Boxer said.  "But you most certainly carry a maternal air about you.  Your lungs quiver anxiously for something precious.  I am pleased to meet you, but do not worry, dear.  You will soon be able to return to whatever you cherish back aboard your vessel."

	Belle smiled, her eyes glistening.  "Thank you, sir.  You're most kind."

	Boxer's head turned until it faced Eagle Eye.  "Hmmm..."  He sniffed the air.  "Something so beautiful needn't be so afraid."

	Eagle blinked nervously, on the virge of sweating.  "Uhm..."  He gulped.  "I-I don't know what you're talking about, sir..."

	"Fear not," Boxer said.  "Whatever obstacle you think may or may not be in front of you, you have all that you could possibly care for.  I think you should simply learn to... relax, young one..."

	Rainbow glanced curiously at Eagle Eye.

	The petite stallion gulped.  "I'll... uh... try to, I-I guess."

	"And you..."  Boxer turned towards Roarke.  His nostrils flared.  "Why so dreadfully cold and tense?"  He sniffed again, then all his muscles froze.  His blind eyes glanced Rainbow's way, and he turned his head once more to Roarke.  A slow, wrinkly smile formed.  "Mmmmm... yes.  Yes, but of course."

	Roarke's brow furrowed.  "What?"

	Boxer took a deep breath and leaned his head towards Rainbow Dash.  "Thank you for indulging me in my request, Miss Dash," the aged creature said.  "It is not so much that I doubted you.  Your words earlier were sincere enough, but I had to sense for myself what has driven you and your friends across such a long distance.  And now I feel it.  There is much love that binds you together.  But there is much fear as well.  I do hope we here in Abinadi can amend that."

	"Yes, well, that sounds like a totally awesome thing, Boxer, but what we're here for is to—"

	"You said that your ship was in disrepair.  Am I correct?"

	"Well, uh, we've certainly got more than a few good dints in the Jury."

	Boxer raised his head and cleared his throat.

	Two tortoises shuffled over from the entrance to the domed room.

	"See that our finest metal workers take a look at the Jury's hull," Boxer said.  "I do believe these travelers could use with a fixed ship."

	Eagle Eye gawked at the leader.

	"Are... are you truly serious?" Bellesmith exclaimed.

	"We... uh..."  Rainbow Dash fidgeted in midair. "We don't exactly have the money to pay for the kind of repairs we need right now."

	"From what you've already told me, it sounds like the Alafreons owe you for ridding the Wastes of the Flurries," Boxer said with a smile.

	"Anypony can make that claim," Roarke droned.

	Boxer's wrinkled neck turned towards her.  "And yet some know how to speak the truth, young one."

	Roarke fell dead silent.

	Boxer smiled again.  He tilted his head towards Rainbow Dash.  "It will please us to patch up the holes in your ship.  For, after all, I sense that you've come here to patch the holes in Abinadi."

	Rainbow Dash nodded firmly.  "Elma Boreal, Boxer."  She gulped.  "She's been missing, yes?"

	Boxer's head retracted a bit into his shell with a sigh.  "I do remember the day when she was hatched.  Her parents—the Boreals of the East Heights—brought her here along with her seven siblings to be blessed.  Her scent was the sweetest of all.  It matched her laughter.  Then, the day that she hatched her young and brought them here to me, I could sense that she had given the scent to her own children.  She divided her love equally among them, and 