every whiff and every soul was just as blissful and succulent as the other.  Quite the tragedy it was when—two years ago—her second eldest son perished in a boating accident along the Churning Line."

	Bellesmith gasped into her hoof.  Her eyes instantly teared.  "That's... th-that's so horrible!"

	"Mmmm..."  Boxer slowly nodded.  "All of Abinadi wept for the loss.  Well... all, save for one.  Elma did not return from her voyages, even after several letters had been sent concerning the tragic fate of her hatchling.  That is when we all knew—beyond the shadow of a doubt—that the Elma we all knew was gone."

	Bellesmith lowered her head, crying quietly.  Eagle Eye trotted over and rubbed his hoof on her shoulder.  "But..."  He glanced up, swallowing a sore lump down his throat.  "All this time, what did you think happened to her?"

	"She ventured into the west," Boxer said in a dark tone.  "Brushing paths with a culture that kills itself slowly over the centuries is an instant recipe for disaster.  Her heart followed the spirit of adventure and discovery, but everyone knew it was risking a great deal.  Still, she felt it was best, for she had hopes of mapping out the treacherous Wastes for travelers like her.  It was a selfless pursuit.  I know this, for everytime she left, the sorrow of missing her family was left in the blistering winds to haunt me."

	"I have no doubt that she died doing what she believed in," Rainbow said.

	"I believe you," Boxer said with a nod.  "And I also believe in the sincerity you have for what brought you here.  Although..."  He stretched his wrinkly neck out.  "If you do not bring Elma or the corpse of her with you, then I wonder—Rainbow Dash—what is it that actually bring back to Abinadi."

	Roarke glanced anxiously at the pegasus.  Belle and Eagle leaned against one another.

	In a firm breath, Rainbow flew forward and outstretched her hoof.  "See for yourself."

	Boxer leaned forward, his aged nostrils inhaling the air all around the pegasus.

	She said, "Elma may have died.  But the love she has for her family—for all of Alafreo—lives on.  It was just... passed on to someone else.  That someone... I have brought here."

	Boxer leaned back.  His filmy gray eyes blinked, and in a ragged breath he said, "So that's the scent."  He tilted his head up and smiled wearily.  "I believe you..."
		//------------------------------//
		// Lux Be a Lady Tonight		//------------------------------//

	"You still there, Unky Prowsy?"  Props stammered, nervously fumbling over the controls to the engine room's communications array.  "I think you're breaking up!"

	"Snrkkkkt!  No, I'm still here, lassie."

	"Squee!"  Props hopped in place while Pilate, Zaid, and Kera looked on.  "So, go on!  Like you were saying so sexily?"

	"I swear.  Everything's all confetti and arse sparklers over here!  You'd never have guessed that a bloody long war just ended!"

	"Are you actually inside Ledomare proper?" Pilate asked.  "At this rate, in a ship as fast as the Tarkington, you could easily have passed beyond the demilitarized zone."

	"Laddy, we've practically pole-vaulted past all that rubbish.  Right now, we're in a place the locals call 'Blue Peak.'"

	Kera glanced up, blinking.  "Say.  I've heard that name before."

	"As well you should," Pilate said, nodding in the direction of her voice.  "It's southeast of Blue Nova, not far from the eastern front."  He faced the communications array.  "Did any of the guards give you trouble for arriving from the east?"

	"No.  That's just the thing.  It's warm welcomes all around.  Everypony's pissed drunk with happiness over this war being over.  But that isn't the half of it.  I looked for those ponies that Rainbow Dash asked for..."

	"Yes, and?"

	"Well, maybe it's best that one of 'em does the explanation for me.  Hold on a tick..."

	There was the sound of shuffling hoofsteps and microphone scratches.  After a brief whine of manafeedback, another voice crackled into being.

	"H-hello?  Rainbow Dash?  Are you th