ere?"

	"Heyyyy..."  Zaid smirked.  "I know that sultry tongue."

	Kera gasped with a little bounce.  "Zetta!  Zetta!"

	The voice giggled on the other end.  "Glad to know you both are doing well!  We split ways under such chaotic circumstances, I wasn't sure you'd make it past the Xonan front!"

	"Oh, we made it past alright," Zaid said, though he fidgeted slightly.  "Mrmmm... for the most part."

	"Such a remarkable device you have here, Mr. Prowse.  Usually you need government tech in order to build something that communicates over such a range."

	"Heehee!  My Unky Prowsy knows how to spit a cosmic loogey!"

	"Miss Zetta," Prowse spoke up.  "Rainbow Dash is busy visiting the local township here in Alafreo.  Still, any of us would be happy to know that which you've got to share about the continent."

	"Well, there have been quite a few changes to say the least.  Just this week, the New Council has been preparing the first of several long-term peace accords with the Xonan Empire."

	Props blinked back at Pilate.

	The zebra cleared his throat and leaned closer to the microphone.  "I beg your pardon.  Did you say... the New Council?"

	"Yessir.  Ever since the incident on the eastern front and the ensuing cease fire, a huge investigation went underway to determine the extent to which the higher echelons of both kingdoms have been infiltrated by shape shifters.  However, the Council of Ledo under the Queen herself wasn't complying with established investigative protocols.  This led to a great deal of civil unrest, with several city governments voting to replace the Council altogether.  Although the majority of votes necessitated an election of new Council members, the current administration was refusing to comply."

	"Great Spark..."  Pilate grimaced.  "Please don't tell me that Ledomare fell into civil war!"

	"Oh no!  You won't believe it!  This actually has a good ending!"  Zetta continued, "Before anything could happen, there was an inexplicable event that took place about a week and a half ago.  Several hundred shape shifters appeared all across the continent.  They were frightened, confused, and—above all—non-aggressive.  This also included over half of the members of the Council of Ledo alone!"

	Kera gasped, staring wide-eyed at the others.  "The changelings!  Rainbow Dash stopped them, didn't she?!"

	"Must have been around the same time we were all farting around Stratopolis," Zaid thought aloud.

	"Huh?  Wh-what was that?"

	"Uhhhh..."  Props cleared her throat.  "Basically, this isn't exactly a major surprise to us.  But we're happy to hear it anyways!"

	"Well, that's good.  Because I'm certain it's changing this nation for the better."

	"Do tell..." Pilate said.

	"The shape-shifters who were exposed gave themselves up freely without posing any more harm.  It's almost as if they were completely different ponies!  What's more, they fully complied with military questions, exposing years upon years of abuses committed by the executive powers, even crimes against the citizens that were made before the shape shifter incursion!"

	"So all the crazy bad stuff that Ledo got away with..."  Kera blinked.  "...it's finally coming back to bite them?"

	"So much has happened in so little time.  But, to make a long story short, Ledo found herself with a lot to answer for, and none of her explanations have made anypony happy.  As a result, the provincial governments have enacted Vote of Monarchal Reform."

	"The Vote of Monarchal Reform?!"  Pilate's jaw dropped.  "But... th-that hasn't happened in centuries!  That must mean..."

	"Yup!"  Zetta's voice cheerfully exclaimed, "Ledo has been forced to step down from the throne! Over the last few days, a New Council has been established, and are preparing to crown a new Queen.  Already, the prime candidate is a pony who's very popular among the citizenry, and she supports the New Council's peace accords with Xona.  So, in a month's time, you may very well be speaking with a proud defender of the Luxmare Confederacy!"

	"We