personate one of the Boreals."

	"Turns out they all collectively figured that something was up," Rainbow Dash said, looking squarely at the changeling.  "The real Elma Boreal should have returned over a year ago.  Seeing as she's not one to ditch her family—"

	"No."  Elma shook her head.  "She's not."

	Rainbow cleared her throat and went on, "They kinda sorta expected to hear the worst."

	"You mean..."  Elma fidgeted.  "That the real Elma is dead?"

	"As horrible as it sounds..."  Pilate slowly nodded.  "It stands to reason."

	"But... b-but perhaps she is still alive somewhere!" Elma exclaimed, glancing at everypony.  "Princess Celestia said that several of the replaced ponies back home have been found in the abandoned hives!  Maybe the same is... t-true for Elma..."  Then changeling's gaze fell on Roarke's cold expression.

	"You know this landscape far more than anyone," Roarke droned.  "What is the likelihood that a hidden hive would have been found in Alafreo in time for its victims to have survived?"

	Elma bit her lip.  Her gaze tilted down to the floor of the navigation room.  "Not very good.  Everything is so vast... so remote."

	Silence.

	"Elma," Belle spoke.  "None of us can bring the real Elma back to these Alafreons.  But you have in yourself the next best thing to bless them with."

	Elma looked up.

	Belle smiled.  "You have Elma's memories.  And they carry with them the love and admiration she has for her family and hatchlings."

	"As horrible as things have been, this may be your opportunity to bring the Boreal family closure," Eagle Eye said.  "And for you as well."

	"Me?" Elma remarked, blinking.

	"Do you wish to be Elma all your life?" he asked.

	"I... I don't know..."  Elma shuddered, then ran a hoof over her forehead.  "All I do know is... is..."  She hesitated slightly, her green eyes turning moist.  "I want to see them."  She looked up with an earnest gaze.  "I really... truly do..."

	Belle and Props looked at Rainbow Dash.

	Rainbow flapped her wings and hovered.  "Then there's one turtle whom you should see first."



	The large doors to the domed structure opened wide.  Accompanied by drifting flakes of snow, Elma pensively trotted through the entrance to Boxer's domain.  Her eyes darted nervously between several torches.

	"Good heavens," she murmured.  "It's like I was just here yesterday."  She gulped.  "And yet... I-I was never here, was I?"  A chill ran through her body, and her carapace shook.  "I... I-I don't know if I can d-do this."

	Eagle Eye stepped up, resting a hoof on the shape-shifter's shoulder.  "It's okay.  You're not gonna be alone."  He smiled.  "Alright?"

	Elma took a shuddering breath, nodded, and trotted forward.  Eagle Eye accompanied her.  Not far behind, Bellesmith and Pilate shuffled along.

	Rainbow Dash hovered forward.  She paused halfway towards the center of the chamber, turning around to glance over her shoulder.

	Roarke stood emotionlessly in the wings.  She stayed within the penumbra of the torchlight but didn't move any further.

	Rainbow Dash narrowed her eyes.  Upon hearing Boxer's voice, she turned and looked towards the massive shape in the center of the dimly-lit room.

	"Ahhh... do come here, child," the elder said.  He stretched his wrinkly neck out from the inside of his shell.  His forelegs gripped the floor as he leaned his weight forward slightly.  "Do not be afraid.  I only summon those to whom I extend full welcome."

	"Oh great and wise elder..."  Elma surprised everypony by charging forward and then lying—face down—to the metal floor before the large creature.  "I am blessed by your presence."

	"Hmmm..."  His old lips curved.  "Spoken like a true Alafreon."  He narrowed his gray eyes.  "Keep still, child.  This will only take a second."

	"What does he mean by that?" Pilate asked.

	"Shhhhh..."  Belle squeezed the crook of her hoof around the zebra's forelimb.  "Not all the blind use O.A.S.I.S., beloved," she whispered in his ear.

	Boxer held his head above Elm