a's skull.  His nostrils flared several times.  For a few seconds, he lingered, then spoke, "That scent... hmmm... yes.  Yes indeed."  His leaned his head back.  "I know you are desperate to hold back."

	"Elder...?" Elma glanced up.

	"Relax, child," Boxer said.  "Be that which you feel.  There is no fear of deceiving me."

	Elma's face was locked in a puzzled expression.  At last, Eagle Eye leaned in and whispered, "It's okay, Elma."

	The changeling gulped.  She closed her eyes... then exhaled.  Her muscles relaxed, and then a swath of green flame poured over her body.  Within seconds, she morphed into a large snapping turtle with a scar across her shell.  A few of the reptilian guards along the fringes of the room murmured in surprise.

	Boxer, however, merely nodded.  "Ahhhh... it masks the scent well.  But not well enough."  He smiled.  "Over the past three decades, I have encountered no less than fifteen Alafreons with that same scent.  A very pungent smell, I must say—some acquired halfway through adulthood, which I used to find quite puzzling.  It isn't until now that I know the reason behind it."

	"F-forgive me, Elder," Elma stammered, once more bowing her scaled head to the floor.  "It was never my intent to deceive you—"

	"Your breath carries truth," Boxer said.  "But it also carries many other things."  He took a deep breath.  "Strange, sad, painful things."  He lifted his massive foot and used the very tip of it to tilt Elma's weak chin so that she faced him.  "Whether we are hatched from eggs, foaled from our mothers, or spawned in riverbeds, we all carry a heartbeat that makes us all the same.  And your heartbeat is the most passionate and fervent I've encountered in years."

	"I... I-I've been told that it's the way of changelings... the way of my kind to feed off of emotions," Elma said.  With a nervous breath, she reverted back to her dark naked form.  "We are empaths.  And yet... we are thieves, Elder Boxer.  We are robbers and plunderers of the absolute worst kind."

	Rainbow Dash and Eagle Eye exchanged glances upon that.

	Boxer didn't waste any time.  "Robbers and plunderers, you say?"  He leaned his head down towards her yet again.  "Tell me, these friends of yours, have you gone out of your way to wrong them?"

	Elma blinked.  "Uhm... no.  No, Elder, I have not."

	"And do they hold any malice to you for your supposed misdeeds?"

	Elma glanced over her shoulder.

	Eagle Eye, Rainbow Dash, Pilate, Bellesmith, and even Roarke stared back.  Patiently.

	Elma exhaled, and she smiled.  "No.  No, Elder."

	"Even at my age, I suspect I have much to learn of the nature of shapeshifters," Boxer said.  "But so long as they have a beating heart, then I extend to them the same grace as I would to any other creature who wanders into Abinadi, seeking fellowship and encouragement.  You are welcome here, child, as welcome as the Elma Boreal whom I was pleased to bless right after her hatching."

	Elma turned towards him.  Her lips quivered.

	"Is there something you wish to say, child?"

	A spasm ran through Elma's body.  She broke down crying.  The changeling hid her face in the crooks of her hooves.

	Bellesmith bit her lip as she watched.  Pilate leaned in and nuzzled her.

	Eagle Eye sniffled, then trotted forward to squat down by Elma's side, patting the changeling's shoulder.

	Meanwhile, Boxer spoke, "That's it, child.  There is nothing to be ashamed of.  Whatever you may have been bred for, know this:  your emotions are your own.  You may speak honestly and earnestly in this town."

	"This t-town..."  Elma whimpered and raised her chin.  She leaned against Eagle Eye for support as she stammered to say:  "I w-want this to be my town.  With every fiber of my being, I want to believe that I have a home here."  She shook her head.  "But it's not!  They belong to Elma Boreal!  They belong to a turtle that I never was!  And yet I still have her memories!  I still have her love!"

	"If you so desire, you can dwell here," Boxer said.  "Until the memories of 