ash, that Chrysalis and Tchern have not entirely left the light side as we thought.  Regardless, thine intervention in Xona has assured the end of a great and costly war—one that could have grown to excessively murderous lengths had you not flown through the air of that landscape whatsoever."

	"But..."  Rainbow Dash sniffled, her eyes growing moist as she gazed across the Frozen Sea.  "What of Lerris?  What good could possibly come out of what Shell did... and what I-I had to do to stop him?  Honestly, Luna, it f-feels that no matter what good I do for these lands, I end up doing a whole lot worse in the end, and I-I don't like what it's turning me into."  She shuddered and sighed.  "It's like I'm becoming just as monsterous as the siblings you had to drive out of the mountains to begin with..."

	"We highly doubt that.  A monster hath no conscience, Rainbow Dash, much less ponies whom one can practice loyalty with."

	"Yeah, well, I'm a bit out of practice, if you ask me."

	"We could equally feel the same.  We hath felt the same, repeatedly, with seemingly no outlet for our grief."

	"Then just what makes you go on?  How do you raise the sun and moon every day without fail?"

	"Because we have to.  Because so many ponies depend on us.  And because we knoweth that to give into despair—if even for a moment—would mean giving the victory to our enemies, even if our greatest foe is ourselves."

	"Yeah, but I killed Shell.  He's gone for good."

	"He is never dead, Rainbow Dash, so long as thou willeth his corruption to endure through the acceptance of thy defeat.  He will resurface, like the will of Chrysalis and Tchern, or like the shadow of Sombra, so long as thou becometh so despondent that though giveth him a vessel through yourself."

	Rainbow Dash bit her lips.

	"We accept with a heavy heart the possibility that there'll come a full moon when thou wilt no longer be alive to reply to us, Rainbow Dash.  Please, we beseech thee, do not let a day come when the pegasus on the other end of the communication spell is voiced by a spirit far darker than yours."

	Rainbow sighed.  "I won't become another Nightmare Moon, your Highness."  She smiled bitterly.  "Besides... I'd look like a total lame-o in that balding helm thing you were sporting."

	"We shall pretend to understand that and smile."

	"Works for me..."
		//------------------------------//
		// Mothballed Since Project Blue Buck		//------------------------------//

	"Nnnngh!"  Props strained, twisting at a rivet with a large wrench.  "Guhh!  Mmmffffnngh!"  At last, she finished tightening a bulkhead in place.  She exhaled, her muzzle producing tiny vapors.  With a slight shiver, the blonde mare tightened a cloak over her sweaty figure.

	Behind her, one of the doors to the engine room squeaked as it opened.

	Props immediately winced.  "Sorriez!  Loads of sorriez!"  She twirled about.  "I lost juice for the air conditioning just now!  But good news!  The skystone should be ready for another test anytime soon—"

	"Don't worry about the heating for now," Rainbow Dash said.  She trotted lightly across the compartment in her leather coat.  "We've got stuff to bundle up with.  Besides, I can totally find more of that ice wyrm stuff to help us out in a pinch."

	"Oh, totallies.  But still... uhm..."  Props squirmed, avoiding the pegasus' eyes.  "If we're gonna test the skystone engine again, might I suggest you stay inside this time?  I mean, I know it's not my place to tell you what to do, Dash-Dash, but the last thing I want is for you to be abandoned again—"

	"The test can wait for a bit," Rainbow said.

	Props blinked.  "Huh?"

	Rainbow looked at her.  "If we're trying out the skystone, I want us to be heading east as we do it."

	"You mean we're... n-not heading east?"

	"You picked up that signal from the south, right?"

	Props nodded with a gaping muzzle.

	"Well, what are you waiting for?"  Rainbow nodded towards the wall.  "You got the intercom back online yesterday evening, right?  Tell Floydien to set 