Abinadi become your memories.  And as for the love... there are many on board your vessel that would love to share it with you in genuine comraderie."

	"I know..."  Elma hiccuped and smiled before nuzzling Eagle Eye.  "And I-I'm so grateful..."

	"And yet..."  Boxer spoke.  "There are those here who would wish to share your love as well, if even for a day."  He cocked his head to the side.  "Would you do me a favor, young one?"

	Elma sniffled and nodded.  "Anything, Elder.  Anything..."

	"Would you go to them?" he asked.  "Would you see the hatchlings of Boreal at least once?"  His aged lips curved.  "I have full faith in your tranquil future.  A lot of turtles here would be in your debt if you gave them the gift of a tranquil past."

	
		//------------------------------//
		// Bless This Home, Our Home		//------------------------------//

	Elma strolled through the metal streets of Abinadi.  She wasn't alone.  A good half of the Noble Jury trotted alongside her.  It didn't make the trip any less nerve-wracking.  In jittery little bursts, Elma flung her gaze left and right, spotting groups and clusters of turtles watching from blacksmith shops, eateries, storefronts, and libraries.  Dozens upon hundreds of pairs of reptilian eyes watched the changeling's every step.  The turtles murmured amongst themsleves, their scaled expressions bright and full of wonder.

	Elma glanced up.  She passed under metal-laced apartment buildings where young hatchlings gazed out the windows with wide glossy eyes.  She shuddered, hanging her head slightly towards the floor as she trotted along.  Eagle Eye caught up with her and gave the shape-shifter a reassuring touch with his hoof.  Collecting her breath, Elma stood up straight and proceeded forward.

	At the rear of the group, Rainbow Dash hovered alongside Roarke.  The two lingered so far back that they mixed with the crowd of turtles shuffling curiously after the changeling.  Without taking her eyes off of Elma, Rainbow spoke aside to the Searonese mare.

	"You know, you barely know Elma.  Nopony will fault you if you wanna go back to the ship."

	"This is my place," Roarke said in a neutral tone.

	"You sure of that?"

	"Aren't you?"

	Rainbow squinted aside.  "For real, Roarke.  What brings you out here?  So far from the ship and all your stuff?"

	"Somepony had to bring half of your friends to Boxer via the transport."

	"That's not what I mean.  This kind of thing totally isn't your bag," Rainbow said, squinting at the metal mare.  "What are you hoping to get from this?"

	"To be honest, Rainbow Dash, I'm not entirely sure," Roarke muttered.  Her lenses twitched as she trotted along, facing forward.  "Let's just say I've grown tired of making hypotheses in my life."

	"Oh?"

	"Besides.  Elma's part of the crew, is she not?"

	"I'd say she is."

	"Then my duty is here with her," Roarke droned unemotionally.  "Where she needs me."

	Rainbow Dash smirked.  "Pilate's right.  You have changed."

	"Are we supposed to be keeping score?"

	"Well... uhm... no.  But—"

	"But nothing."  Roarke gestured ahead.  "Observe.  Something is transpiring."

	Roarke and Rainbow Dash came to a stop.  Ahead of them, in the centermost portion of the metal plate upon which the visitors and citizens stood, a clearing had formed in the crowd.  Elma stood in place... for she was staring at a full line of snapping turtles with shells of matching color and pattern.  Reptiles both young and old stared at her.  Their expressions were mixed—but most blinked with bright eyes and gaping beaks.  On top of two of the turtles, baskets were rigged with seats for tiny, drooling hatchlings.  Three whole generations of a single family had gathered, numbering no less than thirty.

	Elma exhaled.  She plopped back on her haunches, her lips quivering.  "Kelvin... Belinda... Squire... Aunt Alessa..."  She gulped, her eyes wandering from one hauntingly familiar face to another.  "Naidre... Uncle Hector... Sven..."  Suddenly, she gasped, and her green eyes watered upon the s