ight of four young adult snapping turtles staring steadily at her.

	Belle leaned against Pilate as both gazed at the scene.  Eagle Eye leaned in.  "Are those her...?"

	Belle nodded.  "I do believe so," she whispered.

	All the while, Elma was steeling herself.  She stood back up and trotted forwards the group.

	The turtles' eyes darted back and forth, gawking at the changeling's features.  It was suddenly apparent that they were just as anxious as her.

	This brought Elma's words out with a quivering exhale:  "I know whom you all are hoping to see," she murmured.  "But... I cannot help you there.  All I would offer is a facade... a shade of the mother you once knew when I..."  Elma winced, gritted her teeth, and squeaked, "...when she hatched you."  Clearing her throat, she courageously continued.  "But what I can offer is her memories... her feelings... and her adoration—for each and every one of you."  Sniffling, she smiled and gazed lovingly at each face.  "Claude... Helene... Rheba... little Maven."  Elma shuddered.  "Her every waking thought was centered on you and your own children.  She dreamt of you.  She sobbed over you.  And the first and last thing she wanted out of life was to return to you after her long and treacherous journey.  But... but th-that cannot be.  And... I am sorry... I am so so sorry for th-that..."

	The crowd gathered around the scene was dead silent as Elma broke down into quiet sobs.  She hiccuped for breath, wiped tears away from her black face, and continued.

	"But while I may not be able to bring your beloved Elma Boreal back, I can bring you her knowledge.  I can bring you her joy.  And I can bring you her love."  She gave a fanged smile as more tears rolled down her face.  "And she had so... so much love to give.  Of all the creatures I could have been made to be, she was the greatest blessing.  And if it is in my power to bring that blessing to you, then I will do everything in my power to make it so.  I may not have a name... or a home... or a family... but if I can make sure that the thoughts and hopes of Elma come here to her home to rest, then I can finally be at peace with myself."

	Silence.  There were a few errant coughs, but nothing more was said.

	Fidgeting, Elma sadly shook her head.  The sound of shuffling footsteps shook her out of her melancholy. She looked up and twitched to see all four children gathered around her.

	One reached a hand out and caressed Elma's face.  A female turtle tearfully smiled.  "You're not the only who can now have peace," she said.  "And, if you want, you can have a home as well."

	Elma clenched her jaw.  She looked to her side as another turtle came in, rubbing the side of his face against her shoulder.  The other two approached, laying their hands on her.  As Elma found herself more and more collectively embraced by the Boreals, she cracked a weak smile.  It didn't last long, for she was soon sobbing with joy.  Her black face billowed in and out of a scaled beak, but soon—with a shuddering breath—she relaxed in their company, adrift in a natural black carapace supported by their arms.

	Bellesmith sniffled, leaning her smiling face against Pilate's mane.  Eagle Eye had to contain his squeals while the crowd around the courtyard broke into soft and endearing applause.

	Rainbow Dash exhaled from where she hovered.  In the pale glow of the cold Alafreo afternoon, she felt strangely warm.  She looked up at the sun, squinting into its golden glaze beyond the misty mountain clouds.  A smile overwhelmed her, and she closed her eyes while drifting through the air.

	"Yeah... that's more like it..."

	
		//------------------------------//
		// Something To Write Home About		//------------------------------//

	In the candlelight, a pen dipped into an inkwell and ran its way across a sheet of parchment.

	Ebon Mane sat cozily on his cot, smiling pleasantly into the dimness as he wrote his words across the sheet.  His ears twitched on either side of his head, and his muzzle stirred to fabricate the sentences 