forming in his head.



	Dear mother,

	The Noble Jury has been through hell in high places.  We've watched ponies die, suffer, and lose all that's precious to them.  And yet, in the last few weeks, we've begun to see the light that shines beyond the darkness.  I mean that quite literally.  Rainbow Dash has found a sword that lets her communicate with Princess Celestia back in Equestria.  Kera has rediscovered her voice... more or less.  Either way, it's a fantastic improvement.  On top of that, Bellesmith and Pilate are back together, Elma has discovered her extended family, and Roarke—believe it or not—hasn't tried to kill any of us in the past few days.

	For the first time in as long as I can remember, I can very truthfully say that life is good.

	Life is very... very good.



	Pilate and Bellesmith sat side-by-side on a metal bench.  From there, they gazed upon a circular plate amid the shadowy spires of Abinadi.  Kera ran circles around hatchlings—giggling—while the young turtles tried in vain to catch up with the petite Xonan.

	Off to the side, Elma sat amidst a crowd of turtles—all squatting around her.  With a brighte-eyed expression, the changeling talked and talked, energized by a thick crowd of gawking listeners.

	"...and then after the fishing season, Elma took her mate Garen to the sunny plateaus.  That's the day she told him the answer to his question."  The changeling giggled in a certain turtle's voice before continuing, "But, she almost had second thoughts at the very last second."

	"You mean..."  One of the young adults gasped.  "Mom almost turned down Dad?"

	"Well... it couldn't be helped."  Elma bit her lip.  "He was bagging trout every hour of every day.  He didn't exactly... erm... smell good."

	The family chuckled.

	"But he made up for it!"  Elma said with a chuckle.  "I mean, of course he did.  How else would so many beautiful hatchlings be around today?"  A wink.

	"What did Daddy do?"  A female turtle exclaimed.  "Mother never told us this."

	"Uhm..."  Elma's black carapace gave way to blushing scales for a brief moment.  "Do you all really want to know?"

	Several turtle heads bobbed up and down furiously.

	Elma took a deep breath.  "He... uh..."  Her eyes rolled.  "He threatened to toss himself off the bluffs."

	"No way!"

	"That sounds like Dad alright."

	"Shut up!  He was never that dramatic!"  A beat.  "Was he?"

	"Heheheh... now don't you think differently about him," Elma said with a smirk.  "Soon, he learned to respect me—erm..."  She grimaced.  "Elma.  He learned to respect Elma.  Good heavens..."  She rested a hoof against her head.  "I keep doing that..."

	"It's okay... really..."  A turtle placed his hand on her shoulder.  "We get it.  Believe me."

	"Please..."  One of the lady turtles leaned forward, wide-eyed.  "Do continue.  What ever happened to Aunt Regina and the leeches?"

	"Oh... oh dear... did she never tell you this one?"

	"Uhm... did she have good reason to?"

	"Pfffft!  Only if you wanna keep your lunch!"  Elma slyly grinned.  "Okay.  I don't think anyone will hurt for knowing this.  Ahem.  So... one day, Aunt Regina fled by her lonesome to the Southern Shoals in hopes of cleaning in the Alafreon waters before any turtle could discover her... predicament.  Little did she know that Elma and Garen were following closely behind in a tiny dirigible... with cameras..."



	We've been in Alafreo for only a short time.  And yet—in these past three days alone—the citizens of Abinadi have treated us like we were one of them.  Somehow, I don't think this has anything to do with the fact that Elma has brought back a piece of them that had been lost for months.  From the Elder Boxer to the youngest Boreals to the common stranger—they have all gone out of their way to help us feel at home.  They've even agreed to fix the damage that the Noble Jury has suffered since Blue Nova without charging us anything!  Can you believe that, mother?"

	My stars, what a huge difference a single continent can m