ake...



	"Skystone, eh?"  A turtle stopped welding just long enough to tilt his mask up and expose a smiling, grease-stained face.  He hung along the bow of the Noble Jury, fastening the last bar of a fresh metal frame to the outer shell of the observation room window.  "I knew I recognized that crystal when I saw it.  A few crazy explorers brave the Strip of Flurries just to get here and barter mana stones for fish oil.  I always thought they were crazy—but I suppose that comes with the territory... a territory wracked with war."

	"And yet that war is over like red rover!" Props chirped from where she stood peering over the upper deck alongside Zaid.  The ship was propped on an upper metal strut overlooking the metallic depths of Abinadi below.  All along the vessel's hull, turtles clung by roped platforms and hovering dirigibles, tending to every square inch of the damaged vessel.  "And so is the Strip of Flurries!  Isn't everything so deliciously topsy turvy?!"

	Zaid winked.  "Not to mention sexy-curvy—"  A cloven hoof shoved him aside.  "—narf!"

	"Be careful with Nancy's bumpy bumps!" Floydien spat, pale and frazzled.  His eyes twitched as he struggled to oversee every reptile's handiwork at the same time.  "She hasn't burped her wild way through thunder glimmer just to be mawed to turd-lengths by shell boomers!"  He spun about and galloped frantically towards the stern.  "Hey!  Hey!  Not so swift on the zap and zappy!"

	The reptilian welder blinked.  "What is he stressing about?"

	"Oh, don't mind him."  Props grinned from ear to fuzzy ear.  "His paranoia and his handsomeness love to dosey-do!"

	"Yeah, well..."  Zaid wheezed, standing up.  "I really wish somepony would take him back to the barn."

	"Did you really build the steam rig to this thing all by yourself?" the turtle exclaimed.

	"Well.  Mostly me and a squirrel," Props said.  She sniffled briefly.  "And Simon gave his life so that Nancy Jane's womb would hum another day."  She wiped the edge of her eyes dry.  "We've put more than our sweat and blood into this ship.  We've given our souls'n'smex too!"

	"Well, I'm all the more pleased to be getting it back into perfect shape!" the turtle said with a grin.  "You'll be the first skystone explorers I know of who bothered to travel beyond the Churning Line!"

	"Well, pizz fah wizz!"  Props gleamed.  "Bonus points for a waxed shine!"

	"Heh..."  The turtle lowered his helmet and returned to welding.  "You know who you're talking to, right?"

	"Heeheehee!"

	Zaid tossed his mane back.  "You know, I never did meet Simon the Space Squirrel, but I heard traveling with him was nuts!"

	"Hey handsome!"  Props called across the deck.  "I think Zaid-kun here bent one of Nancy's panels loose!"

	"Wat."

	"That's it!  The boomer dies at midnight!"  With the sound of thunder, electrical manalight shimmered across the top deck and slammed Zaid into the cockpit.

	"Ooof!"  Zaid stumbled to a stop inside.  A few quiet seconds later, his voice limped out, "Okay, I deserved that one."

	"Heeheehee."  Props laughed and blushed.
		//------------------------------//
		// Something to Look Forward To		//------------------------------//

	There've been times, Mother, especially lately, where all I had to look forward to was the next second spent alive.  There was no point in dwelling on tomorrow, because—between changelings and prime enforcers and tattooed warriors and chaos dragons—there was no assurance of a morning after.

	I want to say that all of that has changed, but—the truth is—it's always been an adventurous pursuit of the next dawn.  We've all been galloping to the beat of Rainbow's drum since day one.  Sure, there was a lot of mess and mayhem in the way, but so long as we followed Rainbow's example—and put our muzzles to the grindstone—then fate would eventually unravel itself straight once more.

	And what a fortuitous dawn it was that awaited us...



	"If I didn't know better, Your Highness, I'd say that a little piece of Equestria was dropped he