re along the western shoals of Alafreo."

	Rainbow Dash smirked from where she perched high up on a rock outcropping just beneath the burning brazier of Abinadi.  With a rag from her saddlebag, she polished the Sword of Solstice to an immaculate shine, even as it glowed in her hoofed grip.

	"Everypo—er... everyturtle here is just so kind and selfless and gracious," she said, staring down at where the Noble Jury was reaching full-repair.  From afar, she could even spot where Elma spoke with a crowd of Boreals and other Abinadi locals.  "I think Boxer—the elder—can be thanked for a lot of their attitude.  But it's somehow more than that.  These guys just... are happy to be alive.  There are no crazy politics or bickerings or any of that other stupid stuff."

	"It is rather difficult to imagine a completely blameless society," Celestia's voice said.

	"Oh, for sure, Princess.  But compared to what I'm used to running into, it's certainly a breath of fresh air."

	"You've since learned of a startling revolution in the lands you've already crossed, correct?"

	"Yeah.  Apparently Ledomare is no more.  According to Prowse and Zetta, the place is being called 'Luxmare' and is voting to end the years of war with Xona altogether."

	"With their long-lost monarch back, I would imagine Xona is happy to embark upon an era of peace and tranquility."

	"From what I can tell, Lasairfion was a pretty sweet Queen.  She's got nothing on you and Luna, though," Rainbow said with a wink.

	Celestia's voice chuckled in the frosty winds.  "Is it not clear to you now, Rainbow Dash, that in spite of all of your trials and tribulations, you are still a sower of peace in this world?

	"Yeah, well..."  Rainbow Dash sighed, staring at her ruby pendant in the golden sword's reflection.  "It certainly could have taken a lot less deaths to get to that spot."

	"In over ten thousand years of faithfully guarding Equestria, Luna and I have thought the same thing to ourselves more times than even an alicorn can count.  And yet, every morning we see the sun rise over the emerald landscape of this kingdom, we can live with the realization that our labors have been worth it."

	"I wish I could have your kind of confidence, Your Majesty."

	"Don't you?  Rainbow Dash, you are but a mere mortal—and a very vexxed one at that.  And yet, in only a smattering of months, you have gone farther and done more for this world than Luna and I have accomplished in eons."

	"Pffft.  Please.  Princess, you and Luna have to stick to one place and control the sun and moon.  Without that, the rest of the world wouldn't even tick."

	"Mmmm.  Yes.  But would it prosper?  Would it thrive?  Would justice and retribution make themselves manifest so swiftly on their own?"

	Rainbow was silent.

	Celestia said, "From a land ravaged by dragons to an entire continent bloodied by endless war to a wasteland haunted by a damnable city—you have carried the spirit of harmony with you, and you have blessed millions, Rainbow Dash."

	"I've just been... y'know..."  Rainbow Dash shrugged.  "Following the sunrise."

	"Rainbow, do not pretend to be a mere servant of light.  For you are the beacon.  Our pride in you knows no boundaries, and I'm certain my sister and I can speak the same for your friends... if th-they were still here to smile upon you as well."

	Rainbow took a deep breath.  She sniffled and smiled crookedly into the sword.  "Friggin' princesses... why can't you just be ballroom gowns and tea parties?"  She wiped her eye dry and cleared her throat.  "Why you gotta be so friggin' wise all the time?"

	"We've lived long enough to be enlightened by brave souls such as you..."



	While Elma continues to socialize with her extended "family," the rest of the Jurists are already preparing for the next leg of our voyage.  It's amazing how swiftly we can operate at this point in our sojourn.  We're like a well-oiled machine, and certainly the expedient repairs by the Alafreon populace has helped give us the enthusiastic boost that we ne