eded.

	I've been granted access to a veritable cornacopia of vegetables, fruits, and spices.  At some point, I think we started to feel a little too fortunate for the influx of bounty, and we opened trade with some of the outlying townships, bartering some of the metal tools that Roarke was willing to part with in order to get some scrumptious ingredients for my kitchen.

	The things I have to cook with now are amazing.  I haven't felt this stocked up since the days of working the restaurants in Gray Smoke.  There's no doubt I can feed the entire crew for a month and a half... maybe two.  What sort of ground could we cover in that time?  I shudder to think... and yet I find myself actually excited for once, intead of frightened.



	"Yes, I am very well acquainted with the ponies of Val Roa," Boxer said with a wrinkled smile in the torchlight.  "While I may not have been blessed with venturing to their kingdom, I did entertain their ambassadors on several occasions over the last few centuries."

	"Is there anything you can tell us about them?" Josho asked.  Roarke stood in the shadows, gazing from afar while the obese stallion trotted closer to Boxer.  "For example, just how large is their kingdom?"

	"Oh, it's hard to say," Boxer remarked.  "Unlike the rumors I hear of the land west of the Strip, the Val Roans aren't exactly territorial."  His jaw clenched and unclenched in thought.  "I've seen a few illustrations of the countryside.  Most of Val Roa is outlying farmsteads and a few mining operations.  However, at the heart of the kingdom?  Upon the eastern crest of the Polished Mountains?"  The elder turtle smiled.  "Their capital city lies, and it is a veritable jewel of a metropolis, with beautiful architecture that will put most other kingdoms to shame."

	"It's just on the border of the Grand Choke, right?" Josho asked.  "We've been told it's the 'last bastion' of civilization or some other fartsmoke..."

	"Ah, yes, indeed.  Val Roa is a lush and beautiful countryside.  But not that far east of its valleys, the landscape turns arid... lifeless.  It is said that magic and the elements do not function in the Grand Choke like they do in the rest of the world.  That is why very few creatures have been known to ever cross the desert... or the rumored waters that lay beyond.  For that very reason, Val Roa exists in near-perfect isolation.  Its citizens within the capital city live in tranquility.  They are affluent—yes—but they do not hog their wealth.  Above all else, they appreciate art, luxury, and the equal opportunity to enjoy life's bounties.  If they weren't so isolated, it's difficult to believe that such a pinnacle existence could be achieved."

	"Do they have a military?" Roarke asked.  "Are they fond for using weapons of war?"

	Josho squirmed awkwardly.

	Boxer raised his head, squinting at her across the way.  "A most interesting question... from a most interesting pony."

	"I simply wish to know what we may have to contend with if we were to accidentally offend these 'affluent artists,'" the metal mare said.

	"No doubt you wish to engage in some vile target practice," Boxer said coolly.

	Roarke's lenses immediately retracted.  "I beg your pardon?"

	"You are obviously a mare bred for death and carnage," the elder continued.  "If there's any chance of bloodshed—even in a land of peace—you will immediately sieze it."

	"That..."  Roarke grit her teeth.  "That is not the purpose of my inquiry..."

	"Admit it, child.  You've been anxious for setting scaled flesh on fire ever since you got here.  It's a wonder you haven't already assaulted any of my hatchlings."

	"You misunderstand me," Roarke said, her voice rising slowly before turning into a heated snarl.  "My motivation is not bloodthirst!"  She angrily stomped her hooves against the metal floor, making the nearby guards flinch.  "There are ponies in my party who—compared to me—are ill-equipped to deal with insurmountable threads and I simply demand to know if my friends are running into anything too—"  S