he stopped in mid-sentence, breathing heavily.

	Boxer was smiling at her.

	Roarke's brow furrowed.  "What are you trying to do here...?"

	"I knew I smelled something deep inside your rusted shell, child," Boxer said calmly.  "You may think that it betrays your character, but I'd say that it exemplifies it."  He stifled a raspy chuckle.  "Perhaps it would do you well to exercise your passion among your friends instead of reserving it for strangers."

	Roarke merely frowned.  She heard a rattling sound.  Glancing down, she realized she was trembling through to her metal braces.  She gripped herself and stared aside.

	Josho turned and blinked at her.  "You think I'm 'ill-equipped?'"

	"Just get this over with, breeder," Roarke grunted.

	Josho turned back to Boxer—but paused.  He squinted at Roarke's brown coat, detecting a slight rosiness.  Shrugging it off, he faced the elder once more and said, "So, unless you're gonna go on a tangent to troll my fat flank over visions of pasta, would you mind telling us a bit more about who exactly runs the show in the Val Roan capital?"

	"It would be my pleasure, good sir.  And perhaps when we're done, we can enjoy a little bit of red wine.  I do believe it matches your companion's complexion right about now."

	"Grnnnngh!"  Roarke kicked at the wall and stomped angrily out of the domed building.

	Boxer smiled after her.  Once she was gone, he uttered, "I've always found that a soul is most precious when it's on the virge of shedding its outer shell."  He turned to face Josho.  "What do you think?"

	Josho smirked.  "I think I friggin' love this place."

		//------------------------------//
		// Something to be Watchful For		//------------------------------//

	I haven't put much thought into what waits for me at the end of this journey.  I don't know how many of the other Jurists have.  I guess—for us—the voyage has always centered upon Rainbow Dash.  She's been the one to inspire everypony on board, after all.  Her goals have been our goals, and her conflicts have been our conflicts.

	I'm certain that—by this point—we are determined to reach Val Roa.  So long as we have full knowledge of Chrysalis and her presence there, we owe it to the rest of the world to put a stop to her infamy once and for all.  How long it will take us to get to the kingdom she's nestled in, I'm not entirely certain.  The skystone will undoubtedly get us there quickly—or, at least, quicker than the average air vessel.  I don't even know if airships are common over this continent.

	But what about that which lies beyond Val Roa?  From the sound of things, the Grand Choke isn't exactly mana-friendly.  There's no telling if the enchanted tome in Propsy's engine room—or the skystone for that matter—will survive the trip.  But, then again, there's no telling if Rainbow Dash would either...

	I can't be the only pony who worries about her.  Surely Bellesmith and Pilate have their hearts full of dread whenever the topic comes up.  Who's to know what Eagle Eye or Propsy think... or Josho or Floydien or Zaid for that matter.  Or Roarke...

	Rainbow may be courageous, stubborn, and mule-headed at times, but she's no idiot.  She wouldn't have survived as long as she has and against as many obstacles as she's encountered if she didn't have a level head on her shoulder.  Surely the questionable nature of the crew's future has crossed her mind.  Her loyalty isn't exempt of thoughtfulness and empathy, one would think.

	She's not a pony to go down fighting, Mother.  That quality in and of itself has saved the whole lot of us on countless occasions.  I just hope she takes the not-too-distant future into careful consideration.  I hope she does what's best not just for herself... but for the ponies who love and care for her.

	I think the time has come for Rainbow Dash to realize that everypony's journey can't go on forever.  So, then, the choice is hers.  Does she stay with the ones whom she's come to love?  Or does she fade off into the eastern wasteland, preserving he