rself forever as merely an awesome memory?  I honestly do not know which of the two is the better choice, and I certainly don't envy her position...



	"Certainly you've all heard of the Churning Line," Josho said as he paced to a shuffling stop.  He faced several other crew members across the Noble Jury's top deck under starlight.  "Well, according to Boxer, it's the eastern extent of these jagged bluffs.  Beyond, there's a steep series of mountain ranges—known to most Alafreons as the Sky Stabs.  Most vessels aren't capable of scaling the altitude required to pass over them."

	"But Nancy Jane isn't like most vessels," Floydien said, almost bitterly.  Props giggled off to the side, causing the elk to grumble.

	"Right."  Josho nodded, then turned to face the others.  "Because of the Sky Stabs, most airships don't even bother to venture into central Alafreo.  They typically take the winding ravines to the south.  But—according to Boxer—the quickest way to Val Roa means scaling the Sky Stabs directly."

	"Does he know what's beyond these peaks?" Pilate asked.  Kera lay against his striped coat, curled up and yawning from the throes of an exhausting day.  "These turtles don't exactly strike me as avid pilots."

	"Yeah, well, Boxer's lived long enough to catch word of mouth from everything that passes through Abinadi," Josho said.  "Central Alafreo is apparently lush, not to mention heavily forested.  Fir trees for days, from what I hear.  There's a very large valley that stretches across most of the continent, before ending up in the Polish Mountains just west of Val Roa and the Grand Choke."  He cleared his throat.  "However..."

	Eagle Eye blinked.  "However what, old stallion?"

	"There's an area in the northwest corner of the valley that's separated by a smaller mountain range east of the Sky Stabs.  A curved mountain range.  The landscape makes a perfect circle, according to most travelers, and it's vastly unexplored."

	"What are we talking about?" Bellesmith remarked.  "A plateau?"

	"More like a crater," Josho said.  "And a very large one at that.  Over two centuries ago, a group of ponies and turtles tried scaling the southern heights to explore what lay beyond, but a blizzard struck the expedition.  They lost several members of their party and had to cancel the journey.  No one has tried venturing into the crater since, and most pilots east of the Sky Stabs simply avoid it altogether."

	"Is it dangerous?" Eagle Eye asked.

	"Meh.  More like annoying," Josho said.

	"Hmmmm..."  Kera smiled deliriously, nuzzling Pilate's side as she yawned.  "M-maybe it's full of pillllllowssss..."

	Belle rolled her eyes with a smirked.  "Somepony needs to hit the hay."

	"Yeah!"  Props snorted.  "She can count tortoises hopping a fence!"  Eagle Eye giggled.

	Josho glanced left and right.  Clearing his throat, he leaned forward.  "Has anypony seen the paint bucket around?"

	"Rainbow's been speaking with Celestia all day," Belle said.

	"It's night now," Josho droned.

	The mare shrugged.  "Perhaps she's gone to sleep.  The Alafreons finished polishing up the observation room this afternoon."

	"That's so neato keano of them," Props said with a warm smile.  "Don't you agree?"

	"Is something the matter, Josho?" Eagle Eye asked.

	The obese stallion sighed, plopping back on his haunches.  "All this Chrysalis business..."  He narrowed his eyes at the group.  "Just what are we even going to do to her once we get to Val Roa?"

	"What else?"  Floydien inhaled, eyes twitching.  "March up to insect boomer's face and give her the hoof hoof."

	Josho's brow furrowed.  "I'm serious."  He clenched his teeth.  "We damn-near chopped off our heads and tails to get out of the trap that her broodlings set for us over the Wastes."

	"Yeah, but she doesn't have her broodlinglinglings anymore!" Props exclaimed.

	"Doesn't make her any less powerful," Josho said.  "According to what Rainbow Dash has told us, she's old as sin and has connections with the dark side of the world."  He gesture