d with a meaty fetlock as he spoke.  "What's to say that she's not going to spring an even bigger trap for us when we arrive in the Val Roan Capital City?"

	"It's okay to be worried, Josho," Eagle Eye said.  "I'm not exactly thrilled about getting into a grunge match with Chrysalis either, but this group has been through crazier straits before."  He smiled gently.  "I have every bit of confidence that we'll figure something else!  Besides, we've got Rainbow on our sides!"

	"Yeah, but we're not gonna have her on our sides for long."

	Pilate said, "She's proven to have greater fortitude than the rest of us combined—"

	"But not forever," Josho firmly said.  "Please.  Let's be real here.  You guys know this better than the rest of us."

	Pilate opened his mouth, but he had nothing to say.  He hung his head while Belle's hooves squirmed against the top deck.

	Josho's gaze washed over the group, finally settling on Eagle Eye's melancholic expression.  With a sigh, he closed his eyes and said, "Look, bad things are going to happen in this world.  That's a given.  We've all seen it for ourselves.  But, we've also seen a lot of that bad stuff get kicked in the rear.  Rainbow Dash has done a lot of good for almost every ass-backward place she's flow through.  Plus, she made me sober."  His eyes opened dully.  "I know that I'm both the first and the last pony who should be saying this, but... I think it's high time she considered retiring."

	"Her journey is an epic one, Josho," Belle said.  "Not to mention a necessary one.  It goes beyond what any of us can comprehend."

	"And just where is that written in stone, huh?"  Josho frowned.  "As far as I'm concerned, all this Austraeoh prophecy stuff is a bunch of hooey.  Never mind what an enchanted book and a bunch of freaky cultists think.  Hell, just take one look at Zaid.  Morons will believe in anything given enough idiocy and dedication.  Or if somepony just promises them grilled cheese."

	"The role of Austraeoh and Eljunbyro is quite clear," Pilate said.  "My beloved and I have not only witnessed it—we have lived it.  Embodied it."

	"Won't make a damn difference once death and chaos catches up with Dash."

	Belle exclaimed, "She's had every reason to die already!  But with each peril she's faced, each beacon of the machine world she's touched—she's miraculously lived on!"

	"And you think that'll make her go on forever?"  Josho raised an eyebrow.  "It didn't work for Hurricane.  And from what I hear, they both had the whole 'Austraeoh' thing going for them... up until the end at least."

	Belle bit her lip.  Her eyes moistened slightly.

	"Don't get me wrong.  I care for the gal," Josho said.  "She's changed my life in more ways than I can count.  It freaks me out to think that I ever once tried hunting her down like she was a rabid winged dog in Foxtaur Forest."  Her looked at the others.  "But someday, her journey's going to end.  She... is going to end.  And I think we all owe it to her—I think the whole dayum world owes it to her to make it a good end.  Good... relaxing... and p-peaceful."  He swallowed.

	The Noble Jury was silent.

	Clearing his throat, Josho continued, "Or... y'know..."  A sigh.  "We just... play along with her until she can't go on any further.  I dunno if that means beyond the Grand Choke or what... but if you can't retire the hero, then at least you can help warm up her blaze of glory.  You feel me?"

	"We... we f-feel you, old stallion," Eagle Eye said with a sniffle.  "I just... d-don't really like what I'm feeling..."



	This has been a happy week.  A joyful and prosperous week.  And yet, I can't shake this unsettling feeling that—at some point far from now—things will stop being this joyful.  And, as silly as it sounds, I'd much rather have it happen tomorrow as opposed to constantly hanging over our heads for an insurmountable time.

	I love these ponies.  They are like family to me.  I adore Propsy and I cherish Eagle Eye.  But, without a shadow of a doubt, Rainbow Dash is at the center 