of it all.  And once she goes away—be it to a grave or to the east beyond—I fear for what will happen to this family.  I fear the idea of being ungrounded... of being lost.

	For I have been lost before.  And it was not a pleasant feeling.  It still haunts me... tears at me in the dark of night.  And for all of the warm comfort of the Jurists' companionship... for all the loving things that Eagle Eye says to me...

	I'm still scared, Mother.  I'm scared that I'll forever be lost, searching... searching for you... searching for myself.

	But, who knows?  If Elma Boreal's found herself, then maybe there's hope for me.

	Maybe there's hope for all of us...



	Rainbow Dash finished attaching a knotted rope-end to a bulkhead.  With a satisfied sigh, she leaned back and blinked blearily at her hoofwork.

	A newly knitted hammock hung neatly across the port side of the Noble Jury's refurbished observation room.  The metal framework of the bubbled window had been repaired completely.  The room looked like it had never been trashed by zombie pegasi to begin with.  Even new glass panels filled up the webbed frame, peering out into mountain mist and starlight.

	Stifling a yawn, Rainbow Dash trotted across the room and braced the Sword of Solstice against the corner.  Dimming the lights, she spread her wings and prepared to leap into the hammock.  On the final heave, however—

	"Uhm... Rainbow Dash?"

	Rainbow tripped, pratfalling onto her chest.  "Ooof!"

	"Gah!"  Elma winced, biting her bottom lip with a pair of fangs.  "S-sorry!  I'm so sorry!"

	"Nnnngh..."  Rainbow Dash stood back up, teetering slightly.  "Naw, it's alright..."  She brushed herself off.  "The day isn't complete until I've crashed into something or another."

	"Still, please forgive me.  I didn't mean to startle you—"

	"Elma, it's alright."  Rainbow turned to smile tiredly at her.  She slapped a nearby lantern with her prismatic tail, brightening the observation room slightly.  "What's up?"

	"I haven't seen you around that much lately."

	"Well, that's to be understood.  You've been catching up with your family."  Rainbow winced.  "Erm... Elma's family, I mean.  Ungh..."  She face-hoofed.  "I'll never get over that, I swear."

	"Eheh..."  The changeling gulped and nodded.  "You're not alone..."  She paced about.  "I spent all afternoon with the Tundras."

	"The whats?"

	"Distant relatives of the Boreals," Elma said with a smile.  "I used to fish with two of their elders when I was a hatchling—er... I-I mean Elma..."  The shapeshifter sighed.  "You understand."

	"If you insist."

	"So many memories..."  Elma shook her head, gazing into the bulkhead in thought.  "And so many turtles to catch up with.  And that's not even the half of it."  She looked up, bearing a perky smile.  "I keep remembering all of these... these projects that Elma left in limbo..."

	"Projects?"

	"She was a cartographer and an enviromentalist," the changeling said.  "She had all of these expeditions and operations set in motion.  They've all been cut off because of her untimely demise, of course.  And yet... it's like... it's like they haven't."  She looked at her own porous forelimbs.  "They're right within reach of my hooves.  And I remember everything about the parts where I—I m-mean where Elma left off at.  There are hundreds if not thousands of turtles waiting on these expeditions to go underway.  Lots of money is just floating around... turtles' livelihoods.  And... and..."

	"Hmmm?"  Rainbow squinted.  "And what?"

	"Just... just seeing my—I mean Elma's hatchlings again..." She gulped.  "There're so many things I want to learn about... to know about.  Cousins and nephews I haven't seen in ages.  Promises that were made to them and to their children and their children's children..."

	"I'm guessing it's a lot to take in."

	"You have no idea."  Elma slowly shook her head.  "And... and all this time, the Boreals have been extremely welcoming.  The Tundras as well.  But that's not all.  I think... no, I'm pretty s