a course for the source of the broadcast.  Better now than never."

	Props stared at her.  Her eyes quivered as a slow smile was birthed across her face.  Clenching her jaw, she let out a tiny squeal as she flounced over to the intercom.

	Rainbow smirked and trotted back the way she came.

	"Hey!  Hey hey hey!  Handsome!"  Props chirped into the crystal console.  "Guessy whatty!  We're going after my Uncle after all!  Take us southeast by about sixty degrees from sunrise!"

	"Scrkkkk!  Just as soon as I get these glimmer boomers out of my sight!"

	Rainbow froze, glancing back over her shoulder in mid-trot.

	Props blinked.  "Uhhhhh..."  She leaned her muzzle closer to the intercom.  "What glimmer boomers?"

	

	It was black, round, and glossy—with a pair of slender fins jutting out of its stern.  The rising sun glinted off the front of the aircraft as it hovered two hundred feet over the northwest waters.

	"It certainly looks stabby stabby, from Floydien's circlehood."  The elk snorted with a frown from the doorframe to the cockpit.  "It's been following Nancy Jane since starlight, about four hours now.  Sometimes it glides, other times it just lingers.  Like frecklespace.  Floydien doesn't like it one bit, especially how it eyes Nancy with unseen eyes of envy spit."

	"No balloon... no steam vents... no signs of any sort of obvious propulsion," Props murmured, squinting off the ship's port side.

	"Your goggles can't do everything, girl," Rainbow Dash muttered, then turned towards Eagle Eye.  "Anything you can see?"

	"Uhhhh..."  The stallion squinted from where he stood in the middle of the deck.  His breath came out in fitful vapors.  "If I didn't know any better, I'd say that its bow is actually facing us."

	"Really?  That big bulbous thing?  Looks like a flying dome."

	"I know, but... it's hard to make out—but I think I see thin orange lines aimed at us... maybe the cockpit window.  I've been staring at the vessel for the last ten minutes, during which we must have traveled several hundreds of meters.  I've no doubt it's pivoted to keep facing us directly."

	"That's not creepy or anything," Rainbow muttered.

	"Whoever it is, they probably have some sort of long range crystalline scanning devices," Props said.  "Otherwise they would have swung in for a closer peep show."

	"Floydien would have bucked them into their own butt cracks," the elk grumbled.

	"Easy there, twinkle toes." Rainbow looked past Eagle Eye.  "You recognize this thing at all?"

	"Nnnghhh..."  Josho rubbed his chin in thought.  "Can't say that I do.  They sure as Hell ain't Xonan.  The tattooed weirdoes are fond of the color blue and serpent designs.  Most of their decks are open and exposed so that they can jump from ship to ship and board enemy vessels.  But this thing is super crazy.  It's like a bowling ball with cake knives sticking out its ass."

	"I know it's far away," Eagle Eye thought aloud.  "But I can't see any doors, portholes, or windows whatsoever."

	"Just the glowing orange stuff, right?" Rainbow asked.

	"Yeah, for lack of a better term."

	"Maybe they've come to deliver us pumpkins!" Props exclaimed.

	Everypony turned to look at her.

	She bit her lip, ears drooping as she hugged her cloaked self.  "I think I'll be going back into the engine room now..."

	"Wait!"  Floydien suddenly barked.  "Hold your spit!"

	"The elk's right!" Josho grumbled.  "It's moving!"

	"EE, keep your eyes on it!" Rainbow shouted.

	Everyone flinched as the vessel spun like a top, twirled, and stopped dead—facing northwest.  Half a second later, there was a flash of orange and yellow lights—and the vessel shot off incredibly fast on amber streams.

	"Jinkle streams!"  Props gasped.  "Did you see that?!"

	"I absolutely did," Eagle Eye said, exhaling vapors.  "Those fins at the back were definitely venting something."

	"Like what?"  Josho grumbled.  "Those ain't like no steam vents I've ever seen!"

	"Can you see it anymore?" Rainbow asked.

	"No, Rainbow..."  Eagle gulp