ure that this is helping them as well."  Elma nodded at her own words.  "I think something about me being here is helping them come to terms with the fact that the matriarch of the Boreal family is gone."

	"And she is gone, right?" Rainbow Dash asked.

	Elma looked at her.

	"Who you were and who you are?"  The pegasus shook her head.  "Two completely different things, girl."

	The shape-shifter gulped.  "How do you even know that I'm a girl?"

	Rainbow stared blankly.

	"How do you know that this is my real form?"  She flexed her dragonfly wings.  "Or that it's the real form of any broodling hatched from Chrysalis?"  She stared at her own hooves.  "Or that this is what I truly should be beneath it all..."

	"I... I guess I don't know."

	"Neither do I, Rainbow," Elma murmured.  "All I know is what Chrysalis made me into... what she robbed the Boreals of.  And, yet, it's like they've never been robbed at all.  Because... she's still here.  She's not alive... she's not even a soul... but she's a gift now... and a talent."  She clenched her jaws.  "Something that I'm not about to take for granted."

	"Elma..."  Rainbow Dash chuckled.  "If I didn't know better, I'd say you were almost wanting to—"

	Elma looked pointedly at her.

	Rainbow Dash stopped in mid-speech.  She blinked.

	Elma stared at her.  She exhaled and smiled weakly.

	Rainbow's ears folded.  She glanced down at the floor, then gulped.  "Oh."

	Elma slowly, slowly nodded.

	"Have you... uhm..."  Rainbow ran a hoof through her mane.  "...have you told anypony?"

	"I'm telling you," Elma said.

	Rainbow glanced up at her.  "Why me?"

	"Because you're the reason I'm here, Rainbow Dash.  You're the reason I'm alive... why I still believe in myself..."

	"Pffft... bite your tongue..."  Rainbow chuckled awkwardly.  "It was Pilate who showed you compassion in Stratopolis.  And then Belle single-hoofedly carried you to safety—"

	"But it was you who saved me through them, Rainbow..."  Elma stepped quietly towards the pegasus.  "It was you who whisked them away from their troubles.  It was you who inspired them to be courageous and to show compassion and to never give up."  She stopped and rested a hoof on the mare's shoulder.  "It was you who brought the Noble Jury together... who led them my way... who helped them bless my life when I didn't know I had one to call my own."

	Rainbow gulped and murmured, "And is it your own, Elma?"

	"It will be," the shape-shifter said.  "Thanks to you... and thanks to Elma."  She smiled, her green eyes tearing.  "You've both been foundations... stepping stones toward where I need to be."

	"I..."  Rainbow Dash shuddered, forcing a smile across her muzzle.  "I wish I could take you there faster, Elma.  I really... really do."

	"I know that," Elma said with a nod.  "But for some of us, the quickest way to finish a journey is to stop moving."

	Rainbow Dash blinked at that.  Eventually her voice cracked, "I don't know if I can even understand that."  A weak smile.  "But I have full faith that you can."

	"Good..."  Elma nodded, sniffling.  "I'll take that as a blessing."

	"Sure."  Rainbow leaned forward, smirking devilishly.  "Just promise me one thing, at least."

	"What's that?"

	"You darn well better pick yourself a name," she said with a wink.

	Elma did a double-take, then broke into giggles.  She leaned forward as Rainbow Dash hugged her gently in the starlight.

	
		//------------------------------//
		// Good Things Can Be Born		//------------------------------//

	Ebon's muzzle hung open while his body softly rose and fell with slumbering breaths.  Spread across the cot around the stallion were several sheets of parchment and a dried up quill.  A candle was burnt halfway down its length on a shelf across from him.

	At some point, the metal door to the crew compartment squeaked open.  Eagle Eye poked his head in.  He saw Ebon's sleeping figure and quietly stepped inside.  A gentle smile crossed his muzzle as he raised a hoof and brushed Ebon's dark bangs