.  Using his magic, Eagle drew a bedsheet over Ebon.  The stallion stirred slightly, but ultimately fell even deeper into slumber.

	Slowly turning, Eagle glanced at the parchment.  He lifted several sheets from the bed, blinking at the headers of each letter.  After a few seconds, the ex-mercenary sighed.  He clung a wad of sheets to his chest and hugged himself, staring worriedly into the metal bulkheads.



	"We're planning to scale the Sky Stabs," Rainbow Dash said, hovering before Boxer.  "It'll be our swiftest way towards Val Roa."

	"Wishing to avoid distractions, I take it?"

	"Heh..."  Rainbow smirked.  "If all of Alafreo's 'distractions' are anything like this place, I'd be happy to run into all of them."  She gulped.  "But there's trouble brewing in the east.  It's the sort of thing we'd be jerks to not deal with."

	"I presume you speak of this... supposed 'Queen Chrysalis.'"

	Rainbow nodded.  "Though she may have been rendered powerless after the last time I saw her 'face-to-face,' there's no telling how quickly Chrysalis could regain strength.  The mare used to be an alicorn.  She could be real versatile."

	"Oh, how I do wish I could be of assistance to you in this matter," Boxer remarked.  "Alas, conflict is not our strong suit."

	"You've helped quite enough.  Believe me," Rainbow said.  "And—if there's anything I can do about it—I intend to stop this with as little conflict possible."

	"Have you a plan in mind?"

	Rainbow sighed through a weak smile. "Not yet."

	"How invigorating it must be to live in the moment."  Boxer's wrinkled lips curved.  "Such impulsive heroism has its merit."

	"It has a lot of other things too that I could do without," the pegasus muttered.  "But, it's all for the best.  At least, that's what I have to tell myself."

	"I heard that the changeling with Elma Boreal's memories is staying."

	"Yes, sir."  Rainbow nodded.  "That she is."

	"Is this a decision she came to on her own?"

	Rainbow's brow furrowed.  "Why, of c-course!  She came to me about it personally.  I really couldn't convince her otherwise.  Besides, I feel that it's the best thing for her right now, so who am I to talk her out of it?"  She exhaled heavily, her ears folding.  "Believe me, there're a lot of ponies on the Jury who are sad to see her go."

	"She's become part of the family, I imagine."

	"For a lot of us, Elma's proof that—even in our darkest hour—good things can be born.  Before we found her, we had just climbed out of the roughest spot imaginable.  We didn't expect anything miraculously awesome to happen.  And yet, it did.  She should be a sobbing husk in the northern skystone fields along with the rest of Stratopolis by now, but she isn't.  We pulled through for her and she pulled through for us."

	"Something tells me that a sign such as this has been a long time coming."

	Rainbow gulped, her eyes slightly misty.  "Yeah.  It was... pretty nice to witness..."

	"Look at me, child..."

	Rainbow's eyes tilted to meet with Boxer's.

	The aged tortoise said, "Remember this moment.  Dwell on it.  Meditate on it.  In the future, when your life once again becomes intolerably bleak, think back to what you've felt today, so that you may remind your future self that not all is lost.  Hope stands to bring light to us in the strangest places.  There is a purpose to living, otherwise there would be no life whatsoever.  Everything would be death."

	"There are times, though," Rainbow murmured, "When death is all that I see."

	"Which is proof that you are in the position to triumph over it," he said.

	She blinked at that.  A smile came to her face.  "I think Elma's gonna be super okay here."

	"And when the day comes that she isn't, and she misses you and the rest of the crew terribly..."  Boxer nodded his head.  "I'll tell her how you looked and felt this hour before me."
		//------------------------------//
		// The Spark That Keeps Glowing		//------------------------------//

	Bellesmith finished nuzzling Elma.  She leaned back, wiped her m