oist eyes dry, and smiled weakly at the changeling.  "Are you absolutely sure you won't be changing your mind?  You do know that we have a lot of love to give."

	"Bellesmith..."  Elma caressed the mare's fetlocks.  "You have done so very much for me.  It would be doing you a terrible wrong not to capitalize on it.  I need to be here.  In Abinadi.  Once I have everything squared away, I'll surely discover that I have a lot of love to give as well."

	"Of that, I have no doubt," Belle said, sniffling.

	Elma turned to look at the rest of the Jury gathered in the metallic courtyard.  She trotted up to Pilate.  "You..."  She leaned in and hugged him dearly.  "You showed me true compassion when nopony else would."

	"Yes, well..."  Pilate chuckled and patted the back of her shoulders.  "You saved my life."

	"And you and your beloved gave me one," Elma said.  "Thank you for putting me on a path towards learning that I wasn't expendable."

	"Nopony is," Pilate said as he leaned back, smiling.  "I don't see why changelings should be."

	Elma smiled tearfully.  Her gaze fell downward, and soon she was crouching before a tiny Xonan.  "I have a long journey of discovery ahead of me.  I'm sorry that I won't be around to help you with yours."

	Kera gulped and nodded.  "It's alright.  You already totally did."

	"Mmmm..."  Elma slowly shook her head, then reached forward to caress the filly's chin.  "You are your own savior, Kera.  I wouldn't have even bothered reaching out to you if I didn't sense the strength and courage you had within yourself in the first place.  You have what it takes to carry yourself past any challenge or obstacle that lifes throws your way."

	Kera muttered, "I wish I could believe that, instead of being a friggin' lame-o."  She gulped, trying not to look at her as she whimpered, "I'm s-so sorry for freaking out on you that one time.  You totally didn't deserve it."

	"But I can understand it," Elma murmured.  "And I'm glad to see how well you've started to pull through."  She nodded towards the two adults beside her.  "Pilate and Belle can understand it to.  When the going gets tough, go to them.  Share with them.  They love you more than I can put into words... and I know love."

	"Yeah..."  Kera nodded, smiling sweetly towards the shape-shifter.  "You do, don't ya?"

	"But not as well as you."  She leaned in and kissed the filly's forehead before caressing her green mane.  "You're going to grow up into a spectacular mare, Kera.  Don't give into despair.  Even those of us who've had nothing... who have been nothing can achieve wonderful things."

	She stood up and gazed across the crowd.

	"You all mean so much to me.  It pains me to leave you be on your journey, but this is the closest thing I have to home.  The turtles of Abinadi need me..."

	"And you need them, Elma," Ebon said, nodding.  He smiled painfully.  "It's all for the best, really.  I've never been good at cooking emotions."

	A good half of the Jury chuckled.

	Eagle Eye bit his lip and stared at the ground.

	Elma saw it.  She leaned her head down.

	He glanced up at her.

	Elma smiled.  "Everything will be okay.  Love has led me out of the depths of despair.  I have every reason to believe it will take you someplace even brighter."

	Eagle's lips parted.  He felt a tender hoof on his shoulder, and he giggled while leaning into Ebon.

	"Props?"  Elma spoke while backing up.  "Next time you speak to your Uncle, tell him I'm sorry I never got to know the real Prowse, but if he's anything like his niece, then I truly wish I had been stranded on a sunken frigate with him instead."

	"Heeheehee!"  Props waved.  "I'll tel him!  Good bye, Elma!"

	"Bye!"

	"So long!"

	"Spark's blessings!"

	"Let not the turtle boomers bite bite!"

	"Ungh... let's get out of here, already."

	"Heheheh..."

	Elma watched as the crew trotted away.  She sensed a sea of shells shuffling towards her, and she smiled as she leaned back into the gracious company of the Boreals.

	The crew got on board the No