ble Jury.  The last two were Roarke and Rainbow.  After Roarke had shuffled on board, Rainbow Dash lingered at the hangar.  She stared down at the changeling, left alone in a sea of friendly reptiles.  With a devilish smirk, she saluted, then slipped inside the vessel just as the hangar doors were closing.

	With a flash of enchanted skystone, the ship undocked from the upper struts, pivoted east, and flew past the spires of Abinadi, piercing the haze of smoke from the bright brazier hanging above.

	The changeling exhaled heavily, her eyes moist as she watched the ship grow distant and distant across the mountainous eastern horizon.
	Around her, the turtles stopped waving, muttering towards one another.

	At last, a citizen said, "They really were a remarkable bunch of travelers.  We're truly blessed that you've decided to stay with us, Elma."

	"So am I.  But I am no longer Elma..."  She turned around.  "In fact, I've been thinking about a new name."

	"Oh yes?"

	"Mmmmm..."  She nodded.  "A name that's beautiful... that deserves to be beautiful, for the brightest spark yearns to be found when everything is seemingly dire and hopeless."  She smiled at the others.  "Please, call me 'Lerris.'"
		//------------------------------//
		// Things We Do For Love		//------------------------------//

	Ebon finished pouring a cup of grape juice atop the table.  As the cook drew away, Josho's hoof reached in and lifted the glass.  The obese stallion held the container below his muzzle, sniffed, and muttered, "Eh... guess it'll have to do."  He stood up, facing the rest of the ponies gathered inside the brightly-lit mess hall.  "For this toast, I gotta use my own hoof.  I'm not about to dirty it with magic.  Ya feel me?"

	"Mmmm... some of us do, I suppose," Bellesmith said with a smile.  Pilate chuckled.

	Josho's face was straight and serious as he stood up tall.  "A toast... to Elma Boreal," the former enforcer said.  "Maybe she wasn't a talking snapping turtle.  Maybe she wasn't a scum-sucking broodling of Queen Chrysalis.  But she was a damn fine Jurist."

	"Amen."

	"Buck yeah."

	"I'll drink to that."

	"We've met and parted ways with quite a few snazzy hooves in our journey together," Josho said.  "Crimson... Lucky Strike... Tweak..."

	"Phoenix," Bellesmith said.

	"Basso," Zaid said, pointing.  He smirked.  "Sassy Zetta."

	"Unky Prowsy," Props murmured, sniffling.

	"Jasper Clark," Ebon said from the kitchen's doorframe.

	Josho raised the glass higher.  "Here's to her having a peaceful life for many, many friggin' years."  He gulped.  "And that she may find peace in ways... l-less painful than the ones whom we've lost."

	Rainbow Dash took a deep breath.  "Aatxe," she said.

	Kera hung her head.  "Dalen."

	Zaid fidgeted before whispering, "Khao..."

	"Beau," Bellesmith murmured.  "Golden Happenstance..."

	"Simon," Floydien muttered, staring through the table.

	Rainbow Dash bit her lip.  She looked across the room.

	Roarke stood alone in a distant corner, leaning back on her haunches.  Her head tilted up upon Rainbow's eye contact.  After a few seconds, the metal mare cleared her throat and muttered, "Imre."

	The room hung in silence for several seconds.  At last, Josho gestured towards the group.  They all reached in with their glasses the best that they could.  After a festive clinking, they all took hearty sips, exhaling in one accord.

	The quiet was somewhat unsettling, until Zaid said:  "I'd sing a touching ballad, if only all that I knew didn't involve one-night stands with working fillies at port towns."

	Belle choked on her drink.

	"Snkkkkt!"  Props slapped the table and broke out in wheezing laughter.  "Zaidstainnnns!"

	"What?!"  The stallion gestured.  "Okay, so I was in a pretty bad place when the Herald recruited me!"

	"Sticky boomer will be in an even worse place at the rate he's spitting," Floydien said.

	"Nah..."  Zaid shook his head, smiling.  "I'm in a good place." He took a deep breath, his cheeks slightly warm.  "A really, really