 good place."

	"That makes the two of us," Props said with a wink.

	"Uhm..."  Kera blushed, raising a hoof.  "Three of us?"

	"Heeeeee!"  Props leaned in and nuzzled the filly.  "Hope right in, silly-willy!"

	Kera giggled in the mare's grasp.

	"I don't know about singing," Pilate said.  The zebra smiled gently.  "But perhaps a discussion is in order."

	"It'd be a darn good idea to go over the travel plan," Josho said.  "Once space elk here takes the Jury off autopilot, we've got some tall mountains to scale."

	Pilate shook his head.  "No, there'll be time for that."  He tilted his head aside.  "I mean... just talking.  I feel as if we haven't had much time to... to relax and get to know each other more."

	"I think that's a marvelous idea," Ebon said, smiling sweetly.

	"I'm all for it, myself," Belle said with a nod.

	"Well, sure thing!"  Zaid finished his glass and slapped it onto the table.  "Who's first?"

	"Oooh!  Me!"  Props bounced up, grinning.  "So, twenty-three years ago, I was conceived inside the broom closet of a book store!"

	"Spkkktkkktt!"  Josho spat out the rest of his drink, stumbled, and wiped his muzzle.  "Dammit, blondie!"

	"Whelp..."  Zaid sighed.  "I can't top that."

	"Blessed spark..."  Belle face-hoofed.

	Kera squinted at Props.  "I didn't know two ponies could fit in a broom closet."

	"Actually, you can fit four!"  Props grinned sweetly.  "At least, that's what my mom always told me!"

	"That's it."  Floydien spun and marched off.  "Floydien's checking on Nancy's instruments."

	"Awwwwwwww..."

	"How about this..." Pilate stepped closer to the table's edge.  "How about I tell you a bit about my days as a zeppelin navigator."

	"Oooooh!"  Kera hopped in place.  "That sounds adventurous!"

	"Believe it or not, it actually was."

	"Hell, I'm all ears," Josho said.

	"Well, granted it was a rather short career," Pilate said.  "Coming to an end on Ledo's Pride, for better or for worse."  He tilted his head in Belle's direction with a smile.  "Mostly for better..."

	She smiled and nuzzled him.  "Tell them about the high-altitude run-in with the parasprite swarm, beloved."

	"Oh!  That's quite an exciting tale!"  Pilate cleared his throat and faced the general direction of the huddled group.  "It was nighttime, and I was on observation duty, when all of the sudden we experienced a great deal of turbulence..."

	As Pilate spoke, Rainbow Dash hovered in place, smiling proudly at her close friends.  She blinked, then looked towards the corner once more.

	Roarke sat in place, her copper lenses fully retracted.  Her breaths came in heavy, melancholic waves.  After a moment, a shadow crossed the floor before her.  The metal mare looked up.

	Rainbow Dash hovered with two glasses in her hooves.  She held the full one towards her.

	Roarke's brow furrowed.  She looked at the glass, then at Rainbow Dash.

	Rainbow smiled.

	Gulping, Roarke leaned forward... hesitated... and eventually grasped the glass.  Upon seeing Rainbow's gesture, she slowly tilted the container to her lips... and drank half of it in one fell swoop.  She gulped, exhaled—and suddenly felt herself being pushed forward.  Stumbling, she saw that Rainbow was urging her towards the table with her hoof.  She clenched her teeth once... but soon relented, all tension leaving her metal-laced shoulders.  The two mares hung side by side as they listened to Pilate's tale.

	Ebon smiled, his ears twitching from where he leaned against the table of the mess hall.  His head tilted aside.  Glancing across the way, he saw Eagle Eye.  The ex mercenary stood several feet from the table's edge, looking lethargically at the gathered crowd.

	Biting his lip, Ebon stealthily snuck out of the group and shuffled his way towards the far end of the mess hall.  When he slid up to Eagle Eye's side, the unicorn didn't even flinch.

	"Uhm... is... erm..."

	"Hmm?"  Eagle Eye looked up as if from a dazed dream.

	Ebon smiled nervously.  "Is there something wrong with your drink?"

	"H