though I was weak, naked, infantile..."

	"So..."  Eagle tilted his head aside.  "...you felt like a child?"

	"I knew that I was a foal.  Subconsciously, I was always a foal.  A broodling.  But much more than that.  In my creation, I had a purpose.  When I lost my disguise, I realized and that that purpose all along was never mine.  Instead... it was hers..."

	"Chrysalis'?"

	Elma gulped and finally said, "Mother's"

	Eagle's ears folded.

	"Her face... her eyes... her fangs... the c-color and smell of her mane..."  Elma stared painfully into the distance as she said this.  "I knew it all.  I felt it all."  She looked back at him.  "I had a mother... the Mother... and I was made to either honor her or fail her."

	Eagle stepped backwards, breathless.

	"I... I can't bring myself to hate her.  I think, in some ways, I've always loved her."  She gave a shuddering sigh.  "Even when I was 'Elma Boreal,' I knew her... I felt her.  Wherever I go in my life—in Alafreo or beyond—my Mother will always be with me..."  She blinked, then glanced awkwardly at him.  "Eagle?"

	He was shivering, on the verge of hyperventilating.

	"Eagle Eye?" she asked.

	The stallion raised his hoof and bit on the edge of it, finally calming his quivers.

        The changeling leaned back, her lips pursing.  "You... you've heard this somewhere before... haven't you?"

	With a jolt, Eagle Eye spun about.  He burst through the hatch of the Navigation Room, but came to a limping stop at the bottom of the vertical crawlspace outside.  With glazed and distant eyes, he stared at the floor.

	Elma trotted out after him.  "Eagle Eye..."  She placed a hoof on his shoulder.  "Is... is there anything I can do?"

	He slowly shook his head without looking at her.  "I'm... n-not the one who needs help."

	"I think I've been getting by quite nicely," she said with a nervous chuckle.

	Eagle's face grimaced.  "I... w-wasn't talking about you either," he said.







	"Please tell me the others are alright!" Eagle Eye shouted above the thunder and winds of Stratopolis.

	Zaid looked at him across the Noble Jury's cockpit.  "Thanks to you, a bunch of us are."

	"Define 'a bunch of us.'"

	"Kera's in one piece.  Floydien recovered just in time to paint the skies with shape-shifter intestines.  I'm still all around best background pony—"

	"Ebon..."  Eagle Eye gasped, his eyes growing wider.  The fresh droplets of rainwater shook off his body as he sputtered, "Where's Ebon?  Is he...?"

	Zaid blinked, then smiled.  He tugged at Eagle's wet forelimbs and switched places with him, taking the pilot's seat.  "Let me be the autopilot pony once again until Floydien's ready.  You go down into the engine room and check on yours turly, Romeoats."

	"Okay..."  Eagle Eye panted, shimmying swiftly down the crawlspace.  "Okay okay okay..."

	The stallion galloped straight past Floydien's stirring body.  He lept over Kera's limp form.  Breathless, he threw himself across the length of the navigation, swung open the hatch to the engine room... and froze.

	The ex-mercenary stood dead-still, panting and panting.  His pupils shrank upon a fixed point in the floor.  At last, the ship shook with a jolt of turbulence, rocking him out of his stupor.  Flinching, he spun to look behind him.  Floydien was just then getting up.  His eyes peered around the ship's interior from a compartment away.

	Slowly, Eagle Eye crept into the Engine room.  He closed the door behind him and rotated the hatch shut.  Then he leaned limply against it, clenching his teeth.  At last, he turned and looked at the floor again.  Swallowing hard, he slinked forward on trembling hooves, crawling across the way until his hoof made contact with a dark black limb with porous holes.

	Eagle Eye pulled the body towards him, cradeling is abnormally light-weight body against his chest.  His breaths came in frightful spurts, all the while he ran a hoof along the sleek carapace and folded dragonfly wings.  At last, he caressed the creature's muzzle, exposing