 two fangs that shimmered in the lavender light of the Jury's engine.

	Eagle stifled a cry, biting onto his own hoof.  His shivering tripled, and he gazed all around at every wall of the room.  He was hyperventilating so hard, he nearly passed out.

	Then the creature moved.

	"Nnnngh... mmmm... M-Mother..."

	Eagle clamped his mouth shut.  His ears twitched.

	"M... M-Mother..."  The creature whimpered, his gossamer eyelids fluttering along with his tender wings.  "I... I-I c-can't feel anything..."  He seethed, murmuring in Ebon Mane's voice.  "So... so alone..."

	Eagle Eye gnashed his teeth.  He leaned forward, burying his head in the shapeshifter's glossy webbed mane.  A silent sob wracked through his body... followed by a second.  Then, out of nowhere, his body relaxed.  Sniffling, he lifted his head and hugged the creature's body from behind.

	"Ebon..."

	"M-Mother..."

	"Ebon."

	The creature merely flinched, dim pulses of green light emanating from beneath his eyelids.

	"Ebon..."  Eagle Eye spoke into what he judged was the thing's ear.  "It's me.  It's Eagle Eye..."

	The ship shook again.  Bulkheads rattled against them.  The lavender light pulsed on and on.

	"You have to change back, Ebon," Eagle Eye said.  "Please... please.  Everything's going to be okay..."

	Another shake.  Hoofsteps pitter-pattered through the ship, coming closer.

	"Now, Ebon," Eagle Eye hissed, eyeing the door in abject terror.  "Somepony's coming.  They're all going to see you.  So you have to change back now."
	
	"Hey!  Hey!"  Zaid's muffled voice accompanied a salvo of hoof-knocks from the other side of the hatch.  "Eagle Eye!  Ebon!  Is everything cool in there?"

	Sniffing, Eagle Eye nuzzled his head against the thing's glossy black cheek.  "Please, Ebon.  I love you..."  He hugged his arms around the changeling tighter.  "I love you so much... but you have to come back now..."

	"Mmmmm..."  Ebon's lips slurred.  Two liquid streams ran down his face.  "Eagle... Eye...?"

	Eagle clenched his eyes shut, squeaking an indecipherable sound.  The room suddenly resonated with unfolding heat.  He shuddered, his teary eyes flashing open.

	He caught sight of the last few inches of the changeling's body turning to a fuzzy bergundy coat once more.  The limp figure of the ship's cook lay draped in his embrace.

	Eagle was too busy crying to register Zaid's words until the last second:  "Guys?  For real.  Are you both okay?  Can I have a look—or are you two being a pair of sticky stallions?"

	Eagle gulped hard and called out, "We're doing j-just fine, Zaid."  He clenched his teeth to fight back a monumental sob.

	At last, the hatch rotated and the door creaked open.  Zaid stuck his head in with a worried expression.

	Under flickering lavender light, Eagle Eye could be seen cradling Ebon Mane's limp body.  A pair of glossy violet eyes glanced over.

	"Everything's okay," Eagle Eye squeaked.

	Zaid blinked.  "You... uh... you s-sure of that?"

	Ebon stirred slightly, murmuring unintelligible words.  Eagle Eye immediately nuzzled him, planted a kiss on his forehead, and glanced over with a sniffling smile.  He slowly nodded.

	Zaid bit his lip, smiled awkwardly, and backstepped out of the engine room.

	As soon as he was gone, Eagle Eye exhaled through a grimacing expression.  He held Ebon tight, gently rocking the stallion's figure as he stared—worriedly—into the nearest bulkhead.





        That same expression hung off of Eagle's face as he limped down the dark corridor lined with crew quarters.  Behind him, inside the brightly-lit mess hall, the Jurists laughed and talked merrily around the table.

	With a heavy sigh, Eagle came to a stop.  He glanced to his left.  Quietly, he opened the door to Ebon's room and crept in.

	His eyes immediately fell upon the bed.  Squatting down, he reached under the mattress and pulled out a pile of written parchment.  He held them out at forelimb's length.  After several heavy breaths, he smiled.

	His body shook as he cried