 quietly.  Clenching his eyes shut, he tilted his head to the ceiling.

	And he smiled.

	"Do not worry," he stammered to the room.  Then, with a firmer breath:  "Fear not, Mother."  He reopened his glossy eyes, smiling painfully at the sheets of paper.  "I will take care of him for you."  His lungs heaved, and he rolled along the crest of a cleansing sob.  "I will m-make sure he never runs out of love."

	Then, hissing, both a threat and a promise:

	"I swear it."
		//------------------------------//
		// East, Beyond the Churning Line		//------------------------------//

	Night fell.

	The sun rose to a bright morning.

	A misty day blistered by.

	The sun set to a cool evening, and rose again hours later.

	Over the course of two days, the Noble Jury cruised over the remaining cluster of jagged spires that made up the bulk of northwestern Alafreo.  The slender mesas blended together, forming a craggy plateau that sloped upwards, evening out and collecting soil and sediment.  Soon, the landscape below had turned into a thick alpine forest, with expansive canopies covered in moisture and dewy frost.



	"I think we've just crossed the Churning Line," Rainbow Dash said as she trotted into the cockpit after touching down from a scouting flight.  "There's no more bluffs or watery ravines below.  Feels like we've reached the main contintental shelf."

	"Spit all you want, it's still a strange land," Floydien mumbled.  He zapped the consoles, accelerating the ship slightly now that Rainbow was on board.  "Did paint bucket see any new boomervilles?"

	Rainbow shook her head.  "Not in the last twelve hours.  We haven't passed a settlement since that mesa full of platforms about a hundred miles back.  I think the turtles choose to live where the water is."

	"Then who are we gonna find in all these fir firs?"

	"Beats me."  Rainbow smirked.  "But I wouldn't mind some close contact of the hoofed kind again."

	"Meh."

	"Come on, Floydien.  Wouldn't you be thrilled to see some other elks for once?"

	"Floydien has Nancy Jane and a basket of glimmer boomers.  It's all it needs to be."

	"Sure thing then."  Rainbow scurried over to the crawlspace.  While shimmying down the ladder, she paused, glanced up at the pilot, and smiled.  "Though, oddly enough, I remember a time when you only cared for Nancy."

	Floydien's ears twitched.  He clenched his jaw and said nothing.

	"Heh... fine.  Be that way."  She slid down.  "Zoop!"



	"How about now, beloved?"

	Pilate gritted his teeth, his metal brow furrowing as the runes across it flickered and flickered.  "I am... s-sensing shapes," he said, hissing slightly.  "It's fading in and out, as if in a faint dream."

	"I could increase the manaflow," Belle said from where she stood in the cramped infirmary next to him.  Using precise movements, she connected one of several wires between the O.A.S.I.S. sphere on his choker and the Ocular Array.  "But I'm concerned about overloading your synapses."

	"If you're somehow frightened about repeating the debacle that happened at Lerris, I wouldn't be too concerned.  That was out of your control."

	"What?!  No!"  Belle frowned.  "I simply do not wish to—"

	"Belle..."  Pilate smiled and raised a hoof to her shoulder.  "I'm used to the unpleasant side effects of this technology.  When Roarke first attached the Ocular Array to my skull, it was hardly a walk in the park.  What I'm simply attempting to convey is that a little bit of discomfort could go a long way in making this synchronization work."

	"I... I just don't want to hurt you, Pilate."

	"And I'm glad for that."  He nuzzled her hoof and smiled in her general direction.  "And I hope you realize that—like you—I too can be brave."

	She exhaled, smiling weakly.  "Right... right..."  Clearing her throat, she bundled three wires and attached them at once.  "Well, then, how about now?"

	"Gnkkk!"  Pilate winced, sweated slightly, and exhaled.  "Whew!  Blessed Spark!  I... I-I do believe it's working..."

	"It is?!"  Belle grinne