d wide.  "What do you see, Pilate?  Describe it!"

	"I see... I see..."  Pilate's gray eyes twitched as his choker flickered.  Suddenly, he blushed, his ears folding.  "Uhm... oh dear... h-how do I say this...?"

	"Huh?"  Belle blinked.  She looked over her shoulder and realized where the ocular array was pointing.  Her cheeks turned blood red.  Clearing her throat, the mare lowered her tail and side-stepped across the cramped room.  "Sorry.  There.  Better?"

	Pilate smirked mishievously.  "Depends on one's definition of 'better.'"

	"Pilate—"

	Outside in the main corridor, Kera scampered by.  "Mrmmmmf!"  She giggled into a pair of goggles dangling from her mouth.  "You'll never catch me!  Not in a million years!"

	"Give those back, you adorable little fuzz scamp!"  Props' voice cracked as she galloped after her.  "I can't fix Nancy's womb without them!"

	"You should have thought of that before you called me a 'cute bag of giggle kittens!"'

	"But th-that was a compliment!  Honest!  Ohhhhhh—Zaidy Waidy!  Help me!"

	"Operation filly tackle is a go!"  Zaid galloped after the other two.  "She's on the thirty... the forty... the fifty!"

	"Hey!"  Bellesmith barked, making to dash out into the corridor.  "Knock it off!  Kera, give those back this instan—"

	"Belle..."  Pilate rested a hoof on her shoulder.

	"But Pilate, they're both four times her size and—"

	"Let them be."

	"But—!"

	He smiled.  "It's okay.  She's okay."  He chuckled.  "We have to learn to let go..."

	Belle winced, grimaced, then sighed.  She slumped down to her haunches, hung her head, then turned to smile weakly at him.  "Will I ever stop being so overprotective?"

	"I doubt it.  It's in your blood."

	"Mmmf... don't I know it?"

	"I wouldn't love you any less."

	"Sometimes I wonder if I should attempt to restore your sight... for fear of exposing you to your own sap."

	"Heheheh..."



	Roarke's lenses took on a dark shade as she crouched beside her spherical transport inside the Jury's hangar.  She welded a loose plate back together, careful not to miss a single square inch of the hull.  The door to the chamber flew open.  The metal mare shut off her welding device and looked up.  With a flick of her fetlock, she removed the tint from her lenses to see clearly.

	"I mean it, scampsies!"  Props craned her head around crates and boxes, sweating.  "I can't see squat without those!"

	Kera stuck her tongue out from where she crouched behind a container.  "Then operate by fuzzspace!  You know you want to!"

	"Pleeeeeeease please please please give those back?"  Props smiled nervously.  "I'll let you juggle thermo-conductive-mana-filters."

	"Not until you say 'Kera strikes fear into the heart of all things that pretend to sleep!'"

	"Ewww!"  Props shivered.  "Why in the bubble-streaks would I ever say that?"

	"And that is why you fail."

	"Ah-HAAAA!"  Zaid swooped in and snatched Kera from behind.  "Sacked on the final yard line!"

	"Hey!  Let go!  You can't—"  Kera's green eyes bulged and she flew into a giggling fit.  "Gaaaugh!  No fair!  You're cheating!"

	Zaid smirked while tickling her.  "Give up the Blonde specs and the torment will be over!"

	"Stop it!  Cut it out!"  Kera writhed in hysterics.  "I'll make you explode from the inside!"  Her horn glowed.

	"Holy chapstick!" Zaid sputtered as the two of them suddenly hovered upside down.  "Blondie, help!  She's using ESP!  Especially Scary Ponytricks!"

	"I dunno how, Zaidstains!"  Props stifled a giggle.  "Unless Josho and Eagle Eye are stallions of the cloth—"

	Suddenly, with a metal pop, a grappling hook flew across the room, grasped the goggles in Kera's hooves, and yanked them out of her grip.

	"Hey!" Kera pouted.  Her horn immediately dimmed.

	"Ooof!"  Zaid wheezed, falling flank-first against the floor.  He let go of Kera who trotted away safely.  "Eughhh... who intercepted?"

	Roarke retracted a hook into a metal band around her fetlock.  She held the goggles out before Props.  Her lenses re