ed.  "It's gone."

	"What do you mean it's gone?"

	"I mean it's already beyond visual sight!"

	"Glimmer runs..." Floydien muttered.

	Rainbow flapped her wings.  "Perhaps... if I went after it?"

	"No offense, color wheel."  Josho glanced over.  "But that dayum thing is far faster than you."

	"The old stallion has a point, Rainbow."  Eagle rubbed his eyes and turned to blink at her.  "That thing is zooming about freaky quick.  Perhaps you should just stay here."

	Rainbow sighed out her nostrils as she touched back down.  "I'm not a fan of being watched by something we can't... w-watch back."

	"Tell Floydien about it," the elk muttered.  "It freaks Floydien out everytime."

	Rainbow flung him a squinting glance.  "You mean this isn't the first time they've been oogling us?"

	He shrugged.  "Floydien thought he saw black glimmer against the starlight the last two nights, but counted it off to imagination and drowse drowse.  Spit you any less?  Floydien thinks not."

	"At ease.  We're not ganking you or anything," Rainbow muttered.  "It just ticks me off, is all... out here in the middle of nowhere..."

	"Rainbow, you don't suppose..."  Eagle's words trailed off.

	"Hmmm?"

	He gulped.  "I mean, the stuff that the Lerringtons talked about.  Golden Happenstance especially.  You think that maybe these Frozen Wastes aren't quite so... wasted after all?"

	"If a bunch of punks were streaking across my lawn, I'd study them real hard before giving them the proverbial smackdown," Josho uttered with a nod.  "I'm just saying."

	"I really can't imagine anyone claiming ownership of these parts," Rainbow muttered.  "As far as I'm concerned, the Frozen Sea belongs to the Ice Wyrms."

	"One thing's for sure," Props said with a wince.  "That glowy energy we just saw?  As the ship jetted away?"  She gulped.  "That was skystone propulsion."

	Rainbow glanced towards the northwest horizon, then back at her.  "You sure about that?"

	"Pretty sniffing sure."

	Rainbow exhaled.  The paced about in a slow trot.

	Josho and Eagle Eye looked on.  "What do you think we should do?" asked the younger.

	Rainbow gritted her teeth.  "Keep an eye out.  Lemme know if they show up again, and then I'll get Floydien to steer back east again."

	"Steer back east?"  Josho raised an eyebrow.  "Are we going somewhere?"

	"That we are, buckaroo."  Rainbow Dash flapped her wings and darted towards the stairwell.  She patted his sweatered shoulder along the way.  "Somepony's got an Uncle who's hopefully less dirty than you.  So bundle up.  It's gonna be a chilly ride."
		//------------------------------//
		// Something Frozen This Way Foreshadows		//------------------------------//

    The Noble Jury throttled its way south, dipping low so that it skimmed over the jagged peaks of several icebergs floating at random.  A veritable field of alabaster chunks lay across the Frozen Sea, some of them reaching so high that their twisted summits made beams of shadow in the pale sunlight.

    Rainbow Dash flew parallel to the ship, scanning the bobbing mess below with goggled eyes.  She’d occasionally dip down beneath the level at which the Jury hovered, inspecting the icebergs closer, studying the moving mountains from different angles.

    Some of the ice shards’ surfaces were so smooth, so shiny, that they reflected Rainbow Dash’s leather-coated figure completely.  She found herself gazing at them, squinting at the flecks of frost clinging to her exposed muzzle and mane.

    Then, following a sporadic flicker of her ruby lightning pendant, she swore she spotted a black shape swirling by in the reflected sky.  With a gasp, she hovered in place, staring up at the heavens.  All she could see was a blank blue sphere.  The desolation of the world once again settled across her skin, shaken only by the sound of the Noble Jury’s thundering engines.

    With a shuddering breath, Rainbow Dash pressed on, threading her tiny body between separate icebergs as she weaved a meandering path southeast.  Along the