tracted as she droned, "I... simply presumed you needed these."

	Props smiled and took the item in question.  "Oh, totally-dotally.  But it's not like we were gonna crash and burn any second without 'em."  She giggled.

	Roarke cocked her head to the side.  "I see..."

	"This isn't over!"  Kera scampered out into the stairwell.  "The War of the Fuzzies has just begun!"

	"You'd better sign the peace treaty!" Props hollered back.  She giggle-snorted and shook her head.  "How can something with legs that tiny run so fast?"

	"I'm guessing she's tapped into the Sass Force," Zaid wheezed while standing up.  He smiled across the way.  "Hey Mickey.  How's Whizzball doing?  Squeaky in all the right places?"

	"I've considered furnishing the interior with your pelt."

	"Whoopsies!"  He trotted eagerly away.  "That's my cue to make like a tree and get lost in a Descoltian Conundrum!"

	"Heeheehee..."  Props winked at the metal mare.  "He'd never have gotten the goggles back to me if it wasn't for you."  She smiled warmly at her reflection in the thick lenses.  "Though... he's a real sweetheart for trying."

	"If you say so," Roarke said.  She turned towards the transport, but stopped, fidgeting.  "Erm... Props..."

	"Huh?"  The mare looked up, blinking her blue eyes.  "Did you just say my name?"

	Roarke nodded.  "If... perhaps you are needing any assistance in monitoring the skystone engine or... improving the steampipe array..."  She gulped and half-looked at the mare.  "I am certain I can lend you help in any areas that you would like."

	Props stared and stared at her.

	"Or, if you don't, then that is fine," Roarke muttered.  "But, as it stands, I too have thorough knowledge of engineering, and though it... mrmmm... m-may not compare to the excellence of yours, it would be a disservice to the ship and its crew if I did not offer what I have."

	Props slowly smiled.  "I think I would be really super-blessed to have your assistance, Roarke."  She shrugged.  "Or, y'know, if ever you just feel like chatting it up, girrrrrrl, then I'd be fine like wine!"

	Roarke's brow furrowed.  "That would not be necessary."  She made to turn around again—but flinched.  "Erm... unless you or the other ponies... feel like you need it?"  She suddenly grimaced.

	Props was hugging her from behind.  "Heehee... it's okaaaaaay, Roarke.  But we'll let you know."

	Roarke shuddered, giving the mare's fetlock an ineffectual "pat."  She said, "Right... uhm... you do that.  I guess."

	"I will!  Heehee!"  And Props bounded away.  "Catch ya later, friendsies!"

	Roarke stood in place for a minute or two.  Then, with a calm breath, she knelt back down beside the transport and resumed welding.  The bright flame of the tool canceled out any reflection of her own expression in the spherical vehicle's hull.

	It gave her a chance to practice.
		//------------------------------//
		// Stop and Ask for Directions		//------------------------------//

	"Eagle, I can't thank you enough," Ebon said.  He trotted across the cramped kitchen with a bowl of sliced lettuce and rinsed it over a sink with a pitcher of water.  "This is cutting my work in half.  Seriously, it's such a relief!"

	"If you say so," Eagle Eye murmured, slicing carrots up on the counter with a telekinetically controlled knife.  "I really don't know why I didn't help sooner.  I feel awful..."

	Ebon giggled and patted the ex-mercenary's shoulder.  "No reason to.  This is always a job I've elected to do on my lonesome."

	"To be honest, I kinda expected something more... more..."

	"What, glamorous?" Ebon smirked.

	Eagle Eye shook his head.  "Difficult."

	"Oh."  Ebon blinked.

	"I mean, it just seems so simple."  Eagle dumped the slices into a bowl and levitated over another carrot to slice.  "All it takes is certain ingredients and a keen eye for blemishes."

	"Well, it's a lot more than that," Ebon said.  "There's the spicing and the blending and—in this case—adding just the right mixture of vegetables..."

	"I suppose it's the ted