ium that turns most ponies off."

	"Mmmm.  Maybe."  Ebon smiled.  "But I wouldn't wanna do anything else."

	"Why's that?"

	"Being a cook gets you a feel for what other ponies want."

	Eagle paused slightly, his ears twitching.  "A feel, you say..."

	"Mmmhmmm.  It's certainly how I stayed sane in Gray Smoke," Ebon said while rinsing.  "Even with perfect strangers, I got to know ponies in ways nobody else did."

	"You're a very resourceful stallion.  Has anypony told you that?"

	"Sure..." Ebon shrugged, then smiled bashfully.  "Though I don't think anyone's meant it until now."

	Eagle smirked.  "So, you feel like you've got a grasp on everypony on board the Jury, huh?"

	"Well, being in my position certainly helps."

	"So you know what to expect at all times?"

	"Yes.  No.  Maybe?"  Ebon shrugged—but as he did so, he felt a whole carrot being slid between his ear and his head.  "Gah!  What the—?"

	"Heehee.  Did you expect that??"

	"Eagle?  What are you doing?"

	"I dunno, but I think it looks good on you."  Eagle rubbed his muzzle, squinting at the strategically planted vegetable.  "Fantastic mane accessory."

	Ebon rolled his eyes.  "It is not."  He paused, fidgeted, and glanced nervously at his reflection in the back of a metal bowl.  "Is it?"

	"Mmmmmm... could use a little trimming."  Eagle leaned in, nibbling.

	"Eeep!  E-E-E-Eaggggle!" Ebon was stuck between gasping and giggling.

	"Oh.  I'm sorry," Eagle Eye droned, his smile growing.  "Did I get all ear instead?"

	"You're insane!"

	"Hmmmm..."  Eagle hugged Ebon's side, resting his cheek against the stallion's neck with a contented sigh.  "Guilty as charged..."

	"Heehee... come on.  For real.  Not here."

	"Oh?"

	"We'll g-get something in the salad."

	"Like what?"

	"Erm... uhhhh... uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..."



	"Alas, Rainbow Dash, what doth make that most horrifying sound?!"

	"I must admit that I share Luna's concern, Rainbow.  Are you encountering a ferocious dragon of some sort?"

	"Nah."  Rainbow shook her head with a smile from where she reclined on the bow of the Jury.  "That's just Josho, Your Highnesses."  She craned her neck to look.  "The dude's picked up the habit of napping on the top deck in broad daylight."

	"It soundeth terribly unhealthy," Luna's voice said from the glowing sword.

	"Yeah, well, that's Josho in a nutshell... albeit a cracked one."

	"In a way, we art quite relieved to hear that such is the worst of thy encounters as of late," Luna said.  "Thou hast encountered innumerable things of a dismaying quality.  It seemeth to us that thou hast earned this satisfying reprieve."

	"Heh... well, I won't argue with you there," Rainbow Dash said.  She hung her head upside down and stared at the fir trees and rolling hillsides below.  Tiny currents of frost bespeckled the treetops with a fine powder.  "It's been a good long time since things have been this chillaxed."  The pegasus gulped.  "I'm doing my darndest not to let my guard down, though."

	"A wise precaution."

	Celestia's voice spoke up.  "I invited you to the sarcophagus to assist in Rainbow's encouragement, not to fuel her paranoia, beloved sister."

	"Alas, Celestia, we desireth her prosperity with the same passion as thou.  We simply wisheth to keep a rational head upon our shoulders.  It carrieth on no differently in our monthly conversations by moonlight."

	"Yes, but surely you know that she's been through many a great ordeal!  If fate has warranted her relaxation, then who are we to confound that?"

	"Rainbow Dash is more than capable of dealing with any emotion—both tranquil and turbulent.  We feareth that thou underestimateth her, Celestia."

	"Underestimate her?!  Why—"

	"Princesses... Princesses!"  Rainbow Dash sat up, smirking.  "Please, there's plenty of me to go around."  A voice-cracking chuckle.  "Don't start a civil war on my behalf!"

	"A civil war?  Please, Rainbow, do not insinuate such a horrid thing."

	"Thou musn't worry, Rainbow Dash.  We certainly receiveth the