 jest of thy jocularity."

	"Unnnngh... Luna..."

	"Heeheehee... For real, Your Highnesses, just chillax," Rainbow said.  "Things are crazy cool right now.  My friends are safe.  We've got clear skies ahead.  There's even a rough map that we've thrown together for how we'll arrive in Val Roa."

	"We presumeth thou has considered all potential hazards along the way?"

	"No offense, Luna, but we're what you would call 'professionals,'" Rainbow Dash said.  "If we took on a floating city full of zombified pegasi and lived, then I'm certain a mysterious crater won't do us in."

	"We admitteth that we were quite vexed when our sister Celestia related such a remarkable story to us.  It's alarming to think that Commander Hurricane suffered such a tragic fate."

	"Well, just like I told Celestia, I really don't think all of those possessed ponies were proto-Equestrians.  I wouldn't doubt it if I got muzzle-to-muzzle with what was left of... y'know... the ones responsible for splitting Urohringr apart to begin with."

	"Thou meaneth the winged ponies depicted in the ancient murals and stained glass?"

	"Or, y'know, the ones whom the Herald called 'Angels,'" Rainbow muttered with a sigh.  "More like demons."  She hung her head upside down again.  "Whatever turned them freaky did a real number on their brains.  What I wouldn't give to have had at least one zombie capable of chatting with me."  She gulped.  "Explaining the origin of that horribad slime... or that giant freaky plant they were all experimenting with... or what they thought they could do with the Sentinel in the first place..."

	Celestia spoke up:  "The Sentinel was far from one of a kind, correct?"

	"Er... right..."  Rainbow Dash scanned the upside-down horizon.  "From the shape of the Urohringr symbol we all saw, there were once tons of them.  At least two for every ring..."

	"Then doth that mean that there remaineth another one in close orbit of this plane?"

	Rainbow took a deep breath.  "I dunno, Luna.  I sure hope not.  If only..."  Her eyes suddenly squinted.

	"If only what, Rainbow?"

	"Hold the Sword, your Highnesses."  Rainbow Dash hopped up to her hooves and slid the blade into a makeshift scabbard along her saddlebags.  "I think I see a village of some sort."  She kept her eyes trained on a series of wooden buildings nestled in the crook of a mountain ridge due east.  She tapped on the cockpit windshield beneath her.  "Hey!  Floydien!  Slow us down!  I got something that needs checking out!"



	"Heh.  You've met with turtles, alright!"  A mountain ram smirked.  He squatted on a stool along the front porch of a sawmill and resumed hammering together planks of wood.  "I can smell their good-nature on your coat.  Swell bunch of neighbors, them Alafreons.  Kind of give me the creeps, personally."

	"I guess that could be forgiven," Rainbow Dash said.  Behind her, the Lounge sphere had landed and Roarke, Bellesmith, and Pilate stood in a leafy clearing between fir trees and wooden cabins.  Ponies, rams, and deer wandered from storefront to storefront, some of them peering up at the hovering sight of the Noble Jury.  "Do you do much trade with the turtles?"

	"Well, obviously, those dudes are super generous," the ram said as he moved onto another plank.  "That's a good thing for wandering travelers like yourself, but for us locals?"  He shrugged.  "Meh.  Altruism doesn't exactly make for a competitive market."  He hammered and hammered.  "We prefer exchanging goods along the Green Curve."

	"Green Curve?"

	"Yeah.  Wow.  You really are out-of-towners, aren't ya?"  He glanced up past his horns.  "It's what we mountain folk call the trade route that follow along the southern end of the Skystabs.  It heads south from here to the Fir Nests, then bends east into Crater Fall and Boulder City."

	"What about the crater itself?"  Pilate asked.  "Do you ever do trade from within?"

	"Ha!"  The ram dropped his hammer and hugged himself, nearly falling off the stool.  "Ha ha ha ha ha!"

	Belle fidgeted.  Roarke's brow furrow