ed.

	The ram wiped his eyes dry with a cloven hoof before smirking at the Jurists.  "Whew!  Sorry, but that was just too rich."  He cleared his throat.  "You've been through the Flurries, haven't you?  Tell me, what's the sense in doing trade in the skystone fields?"

	"Er... none whatsoever," Belle said with a nervous smile.

	"Especially after what just crashed into the fields," Roarke droned.

	"Shhhh!"  Rainbow hissed, then turned back to the ram.  "Is there seriously nothing inside the crater?"

	"Oh, there's something inside, alright," the ram said.

	Rainbow raised an eyebrow.  "Oh?"

	"But whatever it is, it couldn't be assed to come out and open a trade route with us," he remarked.  "And it's not like we have enough skystone to scale the Sky Stabs and find out for ourselves."  He gestured towards the vessel overhead.  "That's a sweet ship.  It'd be a shame to wreck it over something so mysterious."

	"We're quite versatile, good sir," Pilate said with a smile.  "After what we've been through, I doubt we'll let anything overcome us so easily."

	"Besides," Belle added with a nod, "The fastest way to Val Roa is to scale the crater."

	"Val Roa?  Pffft... just use the Green Curve, my friends," the ram said, picking up another plank.  "You'll thank me in the end, so will your future children."  He hammered away.  "Hell, you might run into some fine trade along the way."

	"Is there really something worth fearing from within the crater?" Roarke asked.  "Or is your advice simply rooted in fear of the unknown?"

	Rainbow quietly glanced at Roarke, then back at the ram.

	The ram took a breath, placed his tools down, and stood up.  He turned around and faced the group directly.  "Every day, without fail, something beams out of the land within the Sky Stabs."

	Pilate cocked his head to the side.  "'Beams?'"

	"You can only see it on a clear day, which—admittedly—doesn't come often this high up the western slopes."  The ram's eyes narrowed.  "But that doesn't change the fact that the lights are still there... and they pierce the skies at least three times a day."

	"How do you mean?" Belle asked.

	"Just as it sounds like, ma'am."  He flicked his ears and said, "It's like a beacon... about as bright as the sun itself.  None of us know what causes the lights.  And, quite frankly, none of us want to.  The last expedition that tried scaling the Sky Stabs didn't even make it up the peaks before freezing to death.  So, if you wanna try it with your fancy skystone, be our guest.  Don't say you weren't warned."

	"We... uh... we appreciate you being so upfront with us," Rainbow Dash said before cracking a nervous smile.  "For real."

	"I believe you," the ram said.  He smirked bitterly.  "But if you really mean that, then you'll take my advice and follow the Green Curve.  I dunno what your business is in Val Roa, but surely it can wait."

	"Unfortunately, it cannot," Belle said.

	He shrugged.  "Suit yourself."  He turned and sat on the stool again.  "Still, I gotta admit, you've got my curiosity piqued.  Any chance you happen to come back this way again, perhaps you can drop in and tell me what you saw beyond the Stabs."

	"Uhhhh..."  Rainbow Dash chuckled.  "We're all pretty much 'east or bust.'  This is kinda/sorta a one way trip."

	"Hah!  Haha..."  The ram laughed again.  He smiled back at them.  "Hell, I coulda told y'all that!"
		//------------------------------//
		// Please, I'm Just Joshin' Ya		//------------------------------//

	"Grnnnn-brbrbrbrbrbrrrrr..."  Josho seethed through clenched teeth.  Vapors wafted out of his muzzle as he paced back and forth across the top deck.  All the while, the Jury swiftly ascended at a sharp incline to clear the Sky Stabs passing gradually beneath it.  "I swear, if I have to go for another full week of these Spark-forsaken temperatures, I'm gonna piss out pine cones!"  The stallion paused every now and then to shrug his shoulders in his leathery coat and clap his hooves together.  "Why couldn't the turtles be assed to strap big bu