ending to be a spatula."

	"Marvelous work, beloved," Pilate said as he reached up to remove the Ocular Array.  "It's not even giving me a headache anymore."

	"One moment, bree—erm... zebra," Roarke said, suddenly walking across the lounge side of the mess hall.  She stood between Kera and Belle, looking over at the older mare.  "Erm... if you don't mind."

	Belle blinked... then blinked again.  "N-not at all!" she remarked with a nervous smile.

	Roarke turned towards the stallion.  "Is it still switched on?"

	"Indeed it is, Roarke."

	"Good.  Now look at me."  She flicked her fetlock forward.

	Belle flinched, but maintained her composure.

	A tube sprung out from the metal framework encasing Roarke's limb.  With a low hum, it flashed a bright red light straight at the Ocular Array.

	"Now, Pilate, what am I holding in my hoof?"

	"I... I..."  The zebra fidgeted, his muzzle tightening.  "I-I can't make it out.  Everything's gone red.  Like wool's been pulled over my eyes."

	"Then you don't see what's in my hoof?"

	"She's lying!" Kera raspberried.  "She doesn't have anything in her hoof."

	"Kera..."

	"Indeed, it was a trick question," Roarke said, retracting the pointer and lowering her leg.  "What do you see now, Pilate?"

	The zebra exhaled with relief and smiled.  "Two fine warriors."

	Kera giggled as Roarke turned towards Belle.  "You're making good progress in upgrading the array," the metal mare said.  "However, you should take into account its vulnerability to light and mana feedback.  This can make the difference between your mate accurately seeing the environment around him and being crushed to a bleeding pulp."

	Pilate cleared his throat.

	Roarke fidgeted.  "But... truly... truly..."  She nodded her head towards Belle.  "A good job."

	"Uhm... uh..."  Belle glanced at Pilate, then back at the Searonese pony.  "Th-thank you, Roarke!  That's... uhm..."

	"A very kind piece of advice," Pilate said, smiling.

	"Yes!  Very kind."  Belle exhaled calmly.  "Really, Roarke.  I can't thank you enough for providing us with the Ocular Array in the first place."

	"It was necessary for overthrowing the Lounge and assuring the continual safety of continental airspace from the flying undead."  Roarke's lenses retracted slightly.  "And... my pl-pleasure, of c-course."

	"Of course."

	"Have you..."  Roarke lingered.  "...most of you seen where Rainbow Dash was last?"

	"Up on top!" Kera said, pointing at the ceiling.  "Doing her scout-scout thing, I bet."

	"At this time of night?  I imagine it's even colder, as high up as we are."

	"You know very well that we can't stop her, Roarke."

	"Hmmm.  Indeed."  Roarke trotted towards the kitchen and the stairwell beyond.  "Carry on, my little ponies."

	Belle turned to watch her leave.  "Beloved?"

	"Yes, Belle?"

	"Is it odd that I'm more scared of her when she tries to be friendly?"

	"Heheheh... I find it charming."

	"You've always seen the best in ponies... even when you couldn't see."

	"Hey Belle!"  Kera hopped.  "When you're done with Pilate, could you guys build me a cool Searonese implant so I can roast grasshoppers alive?"

	"Not on your life!"

	"Awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww.  Poop smears."





	Roarke stepped out of the stairwell and onto the top deck of the Jury, a slightly difficult job considering the vessel's twenty-five degree incline while ascending.

	Her lenses pistoned in and out as she scanned the snow-sprinkled surface between the skystone and the hull.

	"Rainbow...?"

	Silence.

	"Rainbow Dash...?"

	More silence.

	"Hrmmm..."  Roarke scowled.  "It's not exactly fortuitous for a late-night reconaissance flight.  Perhaps she has a sound stone on her—"  She froze.

	A limp body lay over the starboard railing.  Wings twitched and a prismatic tail flicked.

	"Rainbow!"  Roarke rocketed forward on metal-laced hooves.  She scooped Rainbow off the ship's edge.  As soon as she made contact, she became aware of how heavily the pegasus was convulsing.  "Rainbo