w, what's happened?"

	"Gnnngh..."  The mare winced, her fluttering eyelashes sprinkled with snowflakes.  Despite her shivers and spastic jerks, she managed the faintest smile.  "You... d-don't... you sure d-don't c-call my n-name out much... h-heh heh... you know th-that...?"

	"Damn it!"  Roarke hissed, dragging the mare with her towards the stairwell.  Once sheltered from the snowfall, she sat Rainbow up against the wall and rubbed her limbs.  "You've spent far too much time out there in the cold!  As the leader of this crew, you should know better than to put yourself at such unnecessary risk—!"

	"It's... it's n-not the cold..."  Rainbow hissed, clenching her teeth.  "It's... it's just... the usual..."

	Roarke stood still.  Her brow furrowed above her lenses.  "I... I had no idea that they could get this bad..."

	"Lately, they h-haven't..."  Rainbow gulped.  "But ever since we cleared Stratopolis, they've been h-happening more regularly."  She panted and curled her limbs up to her chest.  "Guh... mmnngh... I-I can usually feel a dizzy spell coming.  Try t-to get to the hammock in time..."

	"Very well."  Roarke proceeded to lift Rainbow up.  "I shall carry you there—"

	"No, not now!"  Rainbow seethed, clinging to the wall.  "Spinning.  Sp-spinning to friggin' much.  Just... just g-gotta be still."  She gulped.  "Let it p-pass..."

	"And what if it doesn't... 'pass'?"

	"Then every Jurist will have a bigger helping of Ebon's carrots."

	"That is hardly amusing."

	"Heheh..."  Rainbow managed a tearful smile.  "Stuntmare first... comedian... nnngh... ninety-ninth..."

	Roarke fidgeted, glancing at the walls.  "Rainbow, I... I do not know what to do to assist you..."

	"You and me b-both, sister," Rainbow wheezed.  "Just... g-gotta stay still... from... the sp-spinning..."

	Roarke was silent.  Ultimately, she slumped down against the wall besides Rainbow Dash.  She lifted her hoof up—hesitated... and eventually rested it on Rainbow's far shoulder, pulling her in close, anchoring her.

	"How is that?"  Roarke asked.  "Does it help?"

	Rainbow shivered and shook.  "Does wh-what help?"

	Roarke glanced at her hoof holding Rainbow close, then back at Rainbow herself.  "Never mind.  Just... attempt relaxation."

	"Are we inside?"

	"Not exactly.  It's the stairwell, sternside.  I offered to carry you to the observation room, but—"

	"Y'know, the crew's b-been warming up to you as of late."

	Roarke's mouth lingered open.  She cocked her head aside.  "How do you mean?"

	"Exactly what it s-sounds like," Rainbow smiled in spite of her shivers.  "Seems like you're threatening them with d-death less and helping around the k-kitchen more."

	"As an integral member of this crew, I find it necessary to be helpful in any way possible."

	"That's n-never stopped you from b-being a total stick in the mud before."

	"Hrmmmm..."  Roarke frowned, staring off.

	"Heh..."  Rainbow hissed through her teeth, curling her dizzy head inadvertently against the mare's shoulder.  "Is it so tough to admit th-that maybe you're st-starting to like this motley crew of sky farters?"

	"We have a task to do in Val Roa.  It is a very important loose thread that needs to be pursued.  It would be counter-productive if I was to act abrasive during this leg of our journey."

	"Funny you should call it that."

	"Call it what?"

	"A 'leg,'" Rainbow said.  She was starting to shiver less.  "Because I would almost put it as a 'last leg.'"

	Roarke jolted.

	Rainbow felt it through her trembles.  "Does that bother you?"

	"Does it bother you?"

	"I've been flying into death for... for... well... maybe going on for a whole friggin' year now."

	"Perhaps Pilate would be the appropriate timekeeper to make that esti—"

	"Doesn't m-matter.  Look, the point is..."  Gathering her nerves, Rainbow Dash sat up against the wall beside Roarke, sighing.  "Things are pretty bad right now."

	"It was my understanding that we had reached an unprecedented moment of tranquility in our journey.