"

	"For me specifically, I mean," Rainbow Dash said.  "I've felt this bad before... but they were always... like... r-right before I found a way into the machine level."

	"You speak of the ruby flame?"

	"Yeah.  Pretty much."

	"You believe that has a direct relation to your predicament?"

	Rainbow giggled.  "You even hearing yourself right now?"  She smirked, shivering less and less.  "That friggin' lavender tome nearly crippled me!  Why, if it wasn't for that Odrsjot hooflet thingy that Zaid and the Herald used—"

	"I know that," Roarke said, growling slightly.  "What I mean to inquire is whether or not you think that contact with an underworld flame has anything to do with you recovering from your ailment?"

	"I'm half chaos monster, Roarke," Rainbow Dash said.  "It's not really an ailment.  It's... like... my future.  And if you know anything about how my culture feels about chaos..."  Her words trailed off.

	Roarke took a deep breath.  "You don't strike me as an avid supporter of suicide."

	"Who said anything about something lame as that?"

	"Is it no less analogous?"  Roarke's lenses rotated as she turned to look at her.  "Everything about your trip has been self-destructive... or at least destructive."

	"Heh... I wasn't born yesterday, y'know," Rainbow smirked bitterly.  "I've flown circles over ideas like this more than I've scaled the world's surface.  Silvadel... Aridstone... Ledomare... Lerris..."  She gulped.  "Seems like a lot of bad stuff follows me wherever I go.  Almost makes my trip seem like a bad thing in and of itself."

	Roarke let loose a woeful sigh.  Her ears flicked above her braided mane.  "However..."

	"However... would you call Elma destroyed?  Would you call the freed changelings destroyed?"  Rainbow Dash's teeth chattered one last time as her body began to relax.  "Or Luxmare?  Or the survivors on board the Tarkington?  Or Belle and Pilate?"  She blinked, then tilted her head over.  "Or you?"

	Roarke clenched her teeth.

	Rainbow smiled.  "The way I see it, if I just gave up and rolled over like a cockroach back in Equestria, a lot of good stuff east of my kingdom wouldn't have happened.  Duke Zaap Nator would still be murdering foals.  Axan would have massacred the remaining Silvadelians before abandoning the other Divines forever.  Hell, your friggin' mentor, Lady Pissedoffagus, would still be running the show in Searo's Hold and—"

	"I get the picture," Roarke droned.  She glanced over.  "But does all of that necessitate the awful things that have happened."

	Rainbow was silent for a while.  Her wings coiled tightly as she said, "There was something Twilight taught me once... that eons ago—before the Alicorns could straighten up Equestria well enough that a harmonic nation would be formed—the land was full of angry, bickering, violent ponies.  And, even after the Elements of Harmony were established, a lot of nasty crud went down—even within the boundaries of my homeland."  Rainbow took a deep breath.  "For millennia, Luna and Celestia have only been able to maintain harmony in one tiny spot in the center of this... bigass floating plane.  Never before has there been a feasible opportunity to send a representative of harmony outward in any direction."

	"Do you qualify as this?"

	"Heh... if I do... it's kind of bitterly ironic," Rainbow said.  "Though, I'd like to think, if there was any Element Bearer capable of stomaching the reality of what it takes to make Harmony 'work' this far from home?"  She shrugged.  "It was me."

	"Then, perhaps, it was a good thing that you survived the chaos-bearer."

	"Yeah, I guess.  Cuz—hell—if Fluttershy was the one of us who made it, I couldn't friggin' see her making it past Windthrow."  Rainbow chuckled maniacally.  "Or even Luna-forsaken Dream Valley.  Goddess!"  She giggled and giggled again.

	"I..."  Roarke fidgeted.  "...will pretend to understand the humorous implications of that."

	"Eh... it's sad, really.  But I don't know what to do with sad these days other than laugh at i