t."  She gulped.  "My whole journey—before and after meeting Belle and Pilate—has always been about letting these underworld beacons guide me.  It seems like—with each flame I come across—both good and bad things happen, but it's all for the best... y'know?"  She exhaled.  "Like... Harmony had a plan... long before even the alicorns knew what to do with this world."

	"And if you fail to grasp or perform this supposed 'plan?'" Raorke asked.  "What then?  From what I understood from your talk of Axan, this world isn't exactly prospering.  In fact, it is dying."

	"Yeah.  Bummer, huh?"

	"And if Austraeoh should perish before the journey's end?"

	Rainbow shrugged.  "Eh... somepony else will probably pick up the torch.  I mean, that's what happened after Hurricane, right?"

	"That's still a subject of debate."

	"Not from where I'm looking at it."

	"If you insist."

	"I do."

	Silence.

	"I take it... erhm..."  Roarke gazed at Rainbow.  "You are feeling better now?"

	"Yeah, sure..."  Rainbow nodded.  "Good enough to feel your hoof around my shoulder this whole time."

	Roarke jerked so that she sat perfectly on her haunches.  "I am... unaware of that which you are referring to."

	"Uh huh.  If you say so."

	Roarke fumed, staring down the steps of the stairwell.

	Rainbow chuckled... then giggled... then fell over in convulsing laughter.

	Roarked groaned, covering her face with a hoof while the pegasus beside her writhed on the floor.
		//------------------------------//
		// The Rainbow and Roarke Show		//------------------------------//

	"Did I ever tell you about the one time I kicked a dragon in the face?"

	"Do you refer to Nevlamas?  Because I do believe I was somewhat of a witness to that."

	"No no no.  Before that.  Waaaaaaay before that."

	"Axan?"

	"Nope.  Even earlier."

	"You're playing on my ignorance, then."

	"Well, I did.  I totally did.  This was back when my friends were alive.  This big ol' dragon was hibernating in the mountains southwest of Ponyville.  Its snoring breath blotted the sun out with nasty smoke.  If things remained the way that they were, then most of central Equestria was gonna experience a super long winter."

	"Sounds like a mild crisis if I ever heard one."

	"Yes, well, it was pretty big business for us in Ponyville.  Turns out Princess Celestia was right on top of it, and she ordered her apprentice—my friend Twilight—to strike a peace agreement with the dragon."

	"How so?"

	"She was gonna politely ask the thing to move and resume its sleeping elsewhere.  That way, everypony could be happy."

	"Certainly sounds easier said than done."

	"Right.  So Twilight enlisted the help of me and the rest of her friends.  We had just barely gotten to know each other at that point in our lives, and I think a lot of us were still rubbing off of one another the wrong way—like new friends are bound to do, y'know?"

	"I take your word for it."

	"Anyways, now that I look back at it, the whole quest was more a test for all of us than just for Twilight.  Could Celestia or Luna have talked with the dragon themselves?  Pfffft.  Totally.  But this was an opportunity for the Elements of Harmony to work together on the first super-serious thing since Nightmare Moon tried to cover Equestria in eternal night."

	"I was promised dragon kicking..."

	"I'm g-getting to that!  Yeesh... So where was I?  Oh, right, so we march up the mountain—"

	"On hoof?"

	"Er... yeah."

	"Sounds rather counter-productive."

	"Not all of us were pegasi, y'know."

	"My mistake..."

	"What, you assumed I only hung out with winged ponies in Equestria?"

	"Seems strange that you would let yourself be bogged down otherwise."

	"Er... uh... huh..."

	"...so you ascended the mountain?"

	"Right.  And we met with the dragon.  He... wasn't very cooperative, to put it lightly.  Twilight and the others were patient, but I had just about all I could take of this huge scaled freakjob.  An entire afternoon of hiking had gone by.  All the