 ponies I knew and cared for were in danger 'cuz of his foul breath.  On top of all that, I hadn't had a bite to eat in over a dozen hours."

	"I'm guessing you pulled a 'you.'"

	"Wham!  Right in his friggin' snout!"

	"And you lived to tell about it."

	"Heh.  Barely.  He let loose a dragon roar straight in my face.  I was thrown out of his mountain cave, and then my body barreled through my gal pals.  Then the dragon came out, all stomping and snarling and spouting fire..."

	"I thought it was some terrible chaos lord who ended your companions' lives."

	"Oh, that's another story... one that I'm... erm... not b-big on retelling..."

	"I see..."

	"Anywho, we all trembled, expecting this dragon creep to gobble us all whole.  I remember all of us hugging each other, shivering like filly scouts during a thunderstorm.  Heh... I really didn't like cuddling back in those days..."

	"And you're somehow different now?"

	"Anyways, the most anticlimactic thing happened.  Fluttershy—dainty wuss extraordinaire—trotted up and stared the big scaley dude down.  Out of nowhere, she shows this... well... awesome display of guts, and she single hoofedly convinced the dragon not only to leave us alone, but to fly off to another part of the landscape.  Wherever he ended up going, his smoke wouldn't bother Equestria anymore."

	"Somehow, that wasn't quite what I expected."

	"What?  You wanted a story with more explosions?"

	"In truth, I expected a heavy helping of blood."

	"Yeah, well, that wasn't like me... at least n-not at that time."

	"What changed?"

	"For real?"

	"Mmm-hmmm..."

	"... ... ... I guess when my friends all passed away, it's like whatever was holding me back suddenly vanished.  If you've no longer got ponies to be loyal to, then why bother being loyal to your morals?"

	"Is it really that simple?"

	"Pffft.  Of course not.  But it's helped me reason things out in my head when I feel like absolute trash... which... wh-which is a lot more often than I'd like to admit.  Meh..."

	"What brought upon this sudden nostalgia?"

	"I dunno.  Everything.  Nothing.  Feh... I guess it's just this shivering time bomb of an affliction I'm having to deal with."

	"I see..."

	"I'd say it was karma.  But... if it was truly karma, then I'd have been done in a lot earlier, ya feel me?"

	"Perhaps."

	"But, for some reason or another, I've been allowed to live... even beyond death itself."

	"That's something you have over Hurricane."

	"Huh...?"

	"She perished during her journey.  But you?  You perished and came back."

	"Heh... yeah, well, Hurricane never ran into technologically gifted and egotistically psychotic Ledomaritans."

	"Or perhaps it was fate."

	"I doubt I'll ever take you for a mare who subscribes to fate."

	"And what of casual conversations in stairwells?"

	"Oh... uhm... huh..."

	"Indeed."

	"... ... ... It's strange to think that adventuring was once fun."

	"You no longer feel thrilled by flight and exploration?"

	"Okay.  So maybe 'fun' isn't the right word.  There was a time when dragons, diamond dogs, and parasprites seemed like serious business.  That one moment when the big scaley creep was staring down my friends and I?  I felt seriously friggin' scared.  I wouldn't have admitted it to my buddies at the time, of course, but it freaked me the heck out.  But... looking back?  I don't think I ever once thought I would die.  It's weird.  Even when dealing with Nightmare Moon, I felt like things were somehow gonna be okay in the end.  Maybe that was because I was part of something bigger and far more harmonic than just myself..."

	"Are things any different now?"

	"Well... y-yeah!  And no.  I mean... unnngh... Like weeks ago, when I was flying circles around Stratopolis with Pilate dangling in my grasp and a ton of undead pegasi on my tail?  I wasn't scared.  I mean... not really scared.  I was just... going through the motions.  So much of what I've done since Ledomare—heck—since Windthrow has been me just flying by the se