at of my saddle."

	"You're certain of that?"

	"Huh?"

	"I don't know the mare you were before you began your epic journey.  Are you certain it's been the same ride all throughout?"

	"... ... ...I guess Silvadel changed me."

	"The place where Axan nested, yes?"

	"It was a landscape that had seen death.  Like... it was almost a glimpse of what Equestria could perhaps have been like if creatures like that one snoring dragon had gotten their way in the end.  The ponies who still lived there—Sam Rose and all his subjects—they had nothing but the ashes of once-happy lives to build a future on.  In a way, they had already lost before they were even born into battle."

	"And yet, your intervention saved them, yes?"

	"Doesn't change the fact that the whole situation royally sucked!  That was... th-that was an eye opener for me!  I had gotten used to the high of doing fantastic things for ponies whenever I breezed by their towns.  But there?  In Silvadel?  The best I could do was shine light onto a graveyard.  Sure, I may have convinced Axan to get up and leave, but that doesn't take back all that the Silvadelians lost."

	"You could have flown on without helping them."

	"Sure.  And yet... no... I couldn't..."

	"What held you back?"

	"I guess... I-I realized I was my own Silvadel.  I was a living sepulcher of all that was once precious to me.  The last Element of Harmony was around my neck, and it was a flimsy seal to a vessel of chaos.  Gone were the days when simple misadventures in Ponyville would make my heart race.  If I wanted to deal with Axan... like really deal with her, than I had to put everything on the line.  I probably wouldn't have come out unscathed.  In fact... I didn't.  I should have died... I should have stayed dead..."

	"But it's a fortuitous thing that you didn't, right?"

	"I... I like to think so.  I like to think that it was worth it just to meet Belle and Pilate... Eagle Eye and Kera..."

	"It stands to be said that one life put at risk to help so many others is a sign of true heroism."

	"And I got to meet you, Roarke."

	"... ... ..."

	"For real.  Don't you think that's a fantastic thing?  That you're here right now?  That we're both here?  Instead of—I dunno—lying in separate ditches somewhere?"

	"I could perhaps hypothesize about the ample bounty I'd be in posession of right now if it weren't for your inexplicable intervention."

	"Pffft!  At what cost?  Being the lap dog of the big-flanks up in Searo's Hold?"

	"Well put..."

	"I often think about what it'd be like if Discord hadn't dropped in on my friends and me.  Like... imagine an alternate universe where we never died... where we'd still be hanging out... doing the whole Elements of Harmony thang... battling—pfft—I dunno... pillow monsters and sea ponies..."

	"You can't be expected to predict something like that."

	"But still, it just... it used to seem like such a happy, dreamy scenario to me.  But now?  Now that I've unearthed all the crap that Chrysalis has been up to?  Now that the likes of Shell and Zaap Nator and Nightshade and Nevlamas have been dealt with?  I can't fathom having lived another existence.  Even... even if it m-means that my friends have to stay dead.  It's like I was meant to come out this far... to do so many awesome—and not so awesome stuff... just to make sure the world becomes... y'know... better."

	"I think it's the mark of a strong pony to account for all of her calamitous circumstances and see them for the good that they've brought about."

	"Yeah, I guess.  I just wish I didn't have to struggle with such a perspective for so long."

	"Indeed."

	"How about you?  Do you ever pine for the life you had before you got caught up in all this nonsense?"

	"There was one particular occasion at a young age where I commissioned by an older warrior to fetch her a dozen eunuchs from the southern kingdoms.  It wasn't until the delivery was made at the cost of much blood and sweat that I realized she actually desired a dozen studs for a privat