mself.  The bulkheads around them shook with massive turbulence.  "It was the ship!"

	"Wh-what's happening?!"

	"I can't t-tell!  I can't even get up!"

	The ship shook and rattled some more.  One by one, bleary-eyed jurists slipped out of their rooms.

	"What in Spark's name...?" Belle and Pilate reeled.

	"Unnnngh..."  Props clutched a blanket while rubbing her blue eyes, yawning.  "I was dreaming of some really smexy soot..."

	Josho frowned.  "By Ledo's balls, what's fartin' at us now?"

	"One way to find out!"  Zaid hopped nonchalantly over the fallen stallions.  "Hey Eagle.  Hey Ebon.  Nice pretzel."  He rushed up to a starboard porthole within the brightly-lit lounge and squinted out.  "Whoah... now that's a lot of squirrel homes!"

	"'Squirrel homes?'" Pilate stammered.

	Zaid craned his head.  "I mean 'trees,' you silly magical zebra!"  He galloped back down the narrow corridor and brushed his way past the sleepy ponies.  "Looks like our boring days are over with!"

	"Oh great."  Josho rolled his eyes.

	"How can there be trees up this high in the Sky Stabs?" Belle thought out loud.

	"That's what I aim to find out!"  Zaid reached the vertical crawlspace and motioned down the hallway.  "Come on up, Blondie!  Anomalies are soooooo you!"

	"Oooh!  Ooooh!"  Props ditched her blanket and scampered—frazzled—after him.  "I wanna be confounded!  Wait for me!"

	"Me too!"  Kera scampered towards them.

	"Hold it, little lady," Belle caught Kera by her tail.  "Let's wait for some of the craziness to boil down first."

	"Awwwwwww..."  Kera squatted, pouting with folded forelimbs.  "How come only Props gets to chase Zaid around these days?"

	Belle glanced at Pilate while the zebra bit his lip.



	"Htttt!"  Zaid climbed up into the cockpit and helped Props up after him.  He looked towards the sparkling antlers while the cabin shook.  "What's the story, elkbone?"

	"Grnnngh!"  Floydien snarled, jerking left and right on the controls while foggy mists unfurled against the cockpit windows.  "Nancy Jane's run into thermals!"

	"What, you mean like socks?"  Zaid raised an eyebrow.  "I'm afraid I left my copy of playcolt on board Khao's ship."

	"No, not stockings."  Props leaned forward.  "You mean rising warm air currents, don't ya, handsome?"

	"Pffft..."  Zaid rolled his eyes.  "Find, take Rudolph's side...

	"They came a'glimmering up Nancy's chest out of nowhere!"  Floydien's red eyes darted to the corner of his vision.  "The heat heat is starting to settle out, but it's still gonna fill boomers with bumps for a spit minute!"

	Knock knock knock!  A hoof pounded against the outer deck's doors.

	"Really?"  Zaid blinked.  "This high up, and we're still being hoofed copies of Whinnytower?"

	"It must be Dashie!"  Props jerked a handle, opening the doors wide.  Warm air billowed into the cockpit as the pegasus stumbled through.  "Dashie!"  Props blinked.  "You're all wet!"

	"I was knocking for nearly ten minutes!" Rainbow sputtered, slicking her mane back as she stumbled in and stood behind Floydien.  "I'm guessing you couldn't hear through all the turbulence!"

	"Seriously, did you go for a skinny dip or something?" Zaid asked.

	"What, you mean this?"  Rainbow pointed at her soaked hair.  "This is from the frost!  It's all melted!"

	"Melted?!"

	Floydien spat, "What kind of glimmer is this?"

	"I saw trees when I looked out the window!" Zaid said.

	"Damn straight, you saw trees!"  Rainbow smirked devilishly, then patted Floydien's side.  "Take 'er down a bit, why dont'cha?"

	"What?!  Lower into the heat spit?!  Is color wheel crazy?!"

	"Trust me!  I have a reason to believe we'll be safer the lower we go!"

	"Mmmmff..."  Floydien pushed at the controls.  "Floydien isn't too sure of this..."

	"I'm not asking you to be sure.  I'm asking you to have faith!"

	"When has that ever gone wrong?" Props said with a nervous titter.

	Zaid stood up, squinting over the shoulders of the pegasus and the elk.

	The ship lost altitude.  Gradually,