 like spreading curtains, the thick of the fog faded.  An enormous basin appeared before them, covered all over in sprawling flora and fauna.  Thick, emerald tree trops dangled in wet, humid air.  The gentle haze of a morning sun fell into the landscape, casting a lively glitter across the entire flouncing canopy.

	"Pizz fah whizz..."  Props cooed.

	"It's like some giant Goddess salad," Zaid stammered.

	"Heh..."  Rainbow Dash smirked, her eyes aflame with curiosity.  "Now there's a title if I ever heard one."
		//------------------------------//
		// "What Is This, 'Urohringr Crater?'"		//------------------------------//

	At last, the Noble Jury lowered far enough that it was no longer being rocked about by thermal currents.  It still hovered relatively high above the bottom of the crater—or at least the bottom as perceived by those on board the vessel.  As the sun continued rising, a golden haze glittered across the dense forest canopy below.  The basin was colored by a verdant emerald hue all throughout—even in the few sparse patches of wet and exposed earth.

	Roarke stepped gingerly out of the rear stairwell and onto the main deck.  Her lenses retracted to take-in the enormity of the landscape below and around them.  Beyond the ship's stern, the east faces of the Sky Stabs were covered with dangling foliage that spilled over cliffs with copious vines and lichen.  Along various spots of the craggy summits, enormously tall waterfalls had formed, emptying melted frost from the western heights into the belly of the crater.  As the skystone ship hovered its way east, its crewponies experienced the continuous roar of rushing water and the ensuing echo against stone walls.  Beneath all of that was the ever-present hum of nature, shrieking wildlife, and buzzing insects.

	The door to the cockpit opened.  Rainbow Dash trotted out, followed shortly by Zaid and Props.  Rainbow made her way to the port side, staring out with a gawking expression.  Zaid and Props were no less awestruck by the enormity of the microcosm they had just stumbled upon.

	"I suppose this defeats the point of wearing leather coats," Roarke neutrally mused.

	"Just look at the size of this place!"  Rainbow Dash said.  She pointed off the port side, outlining where the western wall of the Sky Stabs bent northeasterly, disappearing into gray humid mist and fog.  "I can't even see to the far side of the crater!"

	"Same can be said from this angle, Dashie!"  Props said, pointing past the bow.  "I can't tell where anything begins or ends in this super sauna!"  She smiled.  "Reminds me of the factory districts of Gray Smoke!"

	"Oh yeah?" Zaid muttered.  "Reminds me of the showers back in the Herald's monastery."

	All three mares stared at him.

	"What?"  He shrugged.  "Khao hated stinky robes.  I couldn't blame her."

	"It's unnaturally humid," Roarke remarked.  "Judging from the distance between the mountain summits and the tree canopy, I suspect that the base of this crater is well above sea level."

	"What, you think this is some sort of volcano or something?" Rainbow asked.

	"It would be the simplest explanation."

	"Yeah, well..."  Props giggled, tossing her blonde mane in the warm breeze.  "We're not exactly used to 'simple', are we, Roarkie?"

	Roarke raised an eyebrow above one lens.  "Roarkie...?"

	"I'm not seeing any crazy light beams," Zaid commented.  "Maybe the dudes west of here were exagerrating?"

	"They've had plenty of decades to do it," Roarke said.  "There's nothing more appealing to superstitious ponies than the unknown.  We could very well be the first living beings to have explored this place."

	"I dunno about that," Rainbow said.  "But it sure is friggin' exciting."

	"Totallies!"  Props giggled.

	Roarke sighed.  "Shouldn't we simply ascend and fly as swiftly as we can out of this place?"

	"I don't think Floydien will want to encounter more turbulence if he can avoid it," Rainbow said.  "We're pretty safe at this altitude.  I'd say, let's just coast on through like this and..." 