 Her words trailed off as she stared down over the ship's edge.  "No way..."

	"What is it?" Props asked.

	"No friggin' way!"  Rainbow's ruby eyes sparkled.

	"It's squirrels, isn't it?"  Zaid winced.  "Please say it's not a civilization of sentient squirrels.  Cuz then we'd have to explain to them about Floydien's dead friend.  Plus, squirrels don't make good cheese."

	"Floydien heard that spit!"

	"Elks don't make good cheese either!" Zaid hollered.

	"I can't believe it!"  Rainbow giggled, a smile plastered across her face as she hovered on flapping wings.  "Celestia on a bike!"

	Flash!  The sword hanging off of Rainbow's saddlebags glimmered in the morning haze.  "Yes, Rainbow?  You summoned me?"

	"D'oh!"  Rainbow turned her head over her shoulder, gripping the hilt.  "Call you back, Your Highness!"  She sheathed it the rest of the way into her satchel.  "Buck me, this is amazing!  I gotta get a closer look!"

	"A closer look?" Zaid asked.

	"A closer look at what, Dashie?!"

	"Apples!"  Rainbow said, already flying out into the misty air.  "From real apple trees!  The edible kind!"  She began descending.  "Goddess, they look delicious even from here!"

	"Rainbow!" Roarke galloped up to the deck's edge.  "Are you sure this is wise?!"

	"Nope!"

	"Whatever happened to flying swiftly to Val Roa and stopping Chrysalis?!"

	"We can charm her with apples!"  Rainbow laughed, then shouted up as she dove backwards with a salute.  "Tell Floydien to bring the ship to a stall!  Oh, and grab a pony or two and come down and join me for the plucking!  Better bring Whizzball!"

	"It is not..."  Roarke slammed her hoof down so hard against the deck it produced sparks. "...called Whizzball!"

	"Ha ha ha ha!"  Zaid doubled over, slapping his knee.  "Looks like Best Pony disagrees with ya, robo-ovaries!"

	"Gravity is about to disagree with your testicles, Mr. Zaid."

	"Yeah... ahem..."  Zaid gulped and trotted briskly for the cockpit.  "Count me out of this away mission..."
		//------------------------------//
		// How Rainbow Was My Valley		//------------------------------//

	The Noble Jury hung in the air at a great distance, floating listlessly above the trees.  Meanwhile, the Lounge sphere hovered east, descending gracefully until it lowered past the thick moist branches of the crater's forest canopy.  It landed not far from where Rainbow Dash was eagerly zipping about, bucking one apple tree after another and collecting the fallen fruit in her outstretched wings.

	With a hiss, the doors to the transport opened.  Eagle Eye and Bellesmith immediately hopped out.  Roarke trotted gingerly after them, her lenses glistening with humid condensation as she peered across the misty jungle.

	"Well, it certainly is... green," she murmured.

	"I for one really like it!"  Belle said.  She took a long, deep breath, her fuzzy muzzle smiling.  "Mmmmmmm... it's like Blue Shelf on a warm summer day!"

	"Girl, I'm sure this place blows Blue Shelf off the mountains!"  Eagle Eye giggled as he trotted over and batted a hanging tree branch with his hoof, watching as the water-slick leaves flounced.  "The plants here are practically bursting with moisture!  And you hear that wildlife?"

	"Memories of Foxtaur, EE?"

	"Pfffft.  That forest felt like a threadbare fossil compared to this place."  He gasped, his nostrils flaring.  "Do you smell that?"

	"Smells like... like..."

	"Pears!"  Eagle Eye galloped to a smattering of trees with low-hanging branches.  He grinned into his reflection on the golden globules of fruit.  "Oh wow—I bet Ebon would be beside himself once he hears about this bounty!"

	"Over there..."  Bellesmith pointed.  "Are those orange blossoms?"

	"This crater has everything!"  Eagle exclaimed.  "See those flowers in that bed by the brook?"

	"Oh, Spark, yes!  What are those, marigolds?"

	"Bellesmith, I think we've just stumbled into paradise..."

	"Unnngh..."  Roarke shuddered all over.

	Belle stifled a giggle.  "Not a fan of beautiful tranquility, Roarke?"

