	"I've lived long enough to never trust anything labeled as 'paradise,'" the metal mare said.

	"Awwwwwww... don't ruin the moment!" Eagle said with a smile.  "Instead, why don't you help us pluck some of these pears?"

	"You don't seriously plan on eating those...?"

	"Well, it's not like we're going to let them eat us."

	"Heeheehee!"  Belle called across the grove.  "Hey!  Rainbow!  Did you see?  We've found pears and oranges!"

	"Buck your pears and buck your oranges!"  Rainbow Dash hollered back, ever smirking.  "I've got nature's candy right here!"  She spun and kicked another tree.  "Hnnngh!"

	The branches shook.  Two crimson delights fell earthward.

	She caught one with the stem of her tail and another with her left wing.  With one thrust of her rump, she flipped one apple upwards, turned, and caught it in an open pocket of her saddlebag.  Chuckling to herself, she rolled the other apple across her wing, over her shoulder, and bounced it off her head.  Catching it in two hooves, she turned it over, observing her smiling expression in the red skin.

	She gave it a sniff, turned it over, rubbed its edge against her forelimb, then opened her jaw wide.  Her mouth was instantly flooded with an explosion of sweetness.  Juice ran through her tonsils and trickled down her throat.

	"Hrmmmm-mmmmffff..."

	She slumped back, closing her eyes as she relished in the frest, juicy taste overwhelming her body.  After two more bites, she smiled to herself, her wings outstretching.  She glanced at the half-eaten fruit, then leaned forward to inhale its pulpy center.  The edges of her face tingled, and she felt her heartbeat quickening.

	"Hmmmm... yeah... can't believe I've almost forgotten..."

	She sighed warmly, glancing at the forest ahead.  More apple trees lingered beyond a swath of springy, waving high grass.  Clamping the apple in her mouth, Rainbow Dash galloped forward, practically frolicking.  She leapt over a cluster of bushes, using her wings to glide forward. Landing, she made her way for the thick of the fruit trees.  The other three ponies were far behind her now, their pleasant voices like dull echoes against the dense forest.  The Noble Jury was practically unseen through the lush canopy.

	When Rainbow approached the trees, she saw that a bunch of apples were already lying on the grass besides the trunk.  Despite having been plucked from their branches, the fruit was still noticeably fresh.

	"Hrmmmmfff..."  Rainbow pulled the half-eaten apple out of her mouth.  "That's weird."  She glanced up at the branches and their fruit.  They were shaking to a stop.  The mare's brow furrowed.  "Uhm..."

	Something emerged from the bushes ahead with a loud rustling.

	Rainbow Dash glanced over.  The apple fell out of her grasp.

	A pony with a fuzzy gold coat was calmly foraging through the grassy forest floor, picking one apple after another and slipping them into a satchel at her side.  With each movement she made, she tossed an ivory swath of mane hair to one side or the other.  A matching tail flicked thoughtfully as she stopped to inspect a bundle of apples, sniffing them, then choosing two or three out of the bunch to toss in her bag.

	Rainbow blinked... then blinked again.  "Uhhhhhh..."  She raised a blue hoof and waved nervously.  "Greetings?"

	"Hey."  The mare didn't even look at her, instead scraping at the roots of a tree and squinting at its bark.  "Hrmmmf... Not as thick as last month.  Better keep a mental note for Jerrio..."

	"Uhm..."  Rainbow leaned her head to the side, feathers twitching.  "You... it... I mean... how?"

	"Any luck on your end?" the mare asked.

	"Excuse me?"

	"What, Jerrio's not got your flank on sample collecting?"  The mare sighed.  "Lucky goose."  She looked straight up at the dangling apples overhead.  "Hmmm.  Those should do."

	Rainbow glanced up at them, then smirked at the mare.  "You want me to grab a few for you?"

	"Nah, I got 'em."  The mare spread her golden wings and soared up with a burst of air.

	Rainbow did a doubl