e-take, her jaw dropping.

	In swift fashion, the mared plucked several apples and tossed them into her satchel with a flick of her feathers.  She twirled around the trunk, glided upside down, and cruised upside down in a casual hover.  "Hrmmmmm..."  She sniff-sniff-sniffed one apple, took a bite, and smirked lightly to herself.  "Hrmmf... screw it.  These samples are mine."  She took another bite, relishing in the taste.

	Rainbow simply stared, dumbfounded.

	At last, a pair of pink eyes darted down.  The mare descended until she was drifting in a lazy circle around Rainbow Dash.  "Hrmmmf... I like those colors."  She took a few more bites, gulped, and muttered, "Where're you from?  West D or East D?"

	"Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..."

	"You certainly sound like East D," the mare said, flipping so that she glided upright.  She gulped the remainder of the apple, crunching the core in her mouth before swallowing.  "What?  You felt like stretching your wings a bit?  Y'know, I used to fly the length of the green too.  That was before I found other ways to 'stretch.'"  She giggled mischievously.  "I'm just kidding, first born."

	"I... uhm..."  Rainbow fidgeted, her eyes locked on the mare's shiny, shiny feathers.  "I-I like your wings," she blurted.

	"Hmmmf..."  The mare flipped with ease and landed on the other side of Rainbow.  "You're not half bad yourself, girl."  She reached down and unabashedly grasped Rainbow's tail.  "I like this.  Most first-borns don't bother giving their tails the Valkyrie treatment.  Now I know you're East D."

	"Oh... y-you bet!"  Rainbow smiled awkwardly, feeling the tug of her tail as the mare hoofed through each colored layer. "Uhm... east side represent!"

	"Rayvinnnnne?" a voice echoed from above.  "Where in Valkyrie's name did you fly off too?!  Jerrio will be pissed!"

	"Unngh..."  The mare rolled her eyes, then shouted towards the forest canopy.  "Why don't you be a big pony and home for once, Kitsune, ya stupid pigeon?!"

	FWOOSH!  A mare with a midnight black coat landed heavily beside her.  Rainbow reeled—gasping—as a cyclone of air settled around the pegasus' outstretched, onyx feathers.  Coiling her wings, the mare turned about, her bright amber eyes like spotlights against her dark face.  A mane hung off her head in three-toned braids: red, green, and blue.  "Rayvinne, who's this?"

	"East feathers," Rayvinne said, casually picking up apples, inspecting them, and slipping them into her bag.  "Out for a gust, it seems."  She tilted her muzzle up, smirking.  "Certainly puts your head to shame, Kitsune."

	"Yeahhhhh..."  The other mare squinted.  "Your folks get a little carried away there?"

	"Yeah, well, I-I guess I couldn't stop 'em!"  Rainbow said with a nervous titter.  She shook her mane in a sliver of sunlight and smirked.  "But hey, nopony's perfect, right?"

	"Kitsune..."  Rayvinne leaned in and murmured in the mare's ear.  Both looked at Rainbow's tail, then giggled collectively.

	Rainbow raised an eyebrow.

	"Ahem..."  Kitsune tilted her head aside.  "What's your name, sparrow?"

	"Rainbow Dash."

	"Pffffft!"  Kitsune nearly wretched.  "The buck kind of name is that?"

	"An awesome one," Rainbow smirked.  "At least when I say mine out loud, I don't sound like I've got mosquitoes caught on my tongue!"

	"Ohhhhhhh!"  Rayvinne danced sideways, giggling.  "She plucked you something awful, Kit!"

	"Well, at least we know she's not Central."  Kitsune smirked and panther-trotted Rainbow's way.  "What's a matter, fartspeed?  Did you break your homing on the same thing that broke your voice?"

	"At least I'm not so slow that I became my own shadow like you," Rainbow said.

	Once again, Rayvinne squealed.  "Oh, she's great!  Really great!  Heehee!  I gotta head to the east greens more often!"

	"You're not half bad, Rainbow," Kitsune said with an approving smirk.  She trotted really close and gave the mare's mane a heavy sniff.  "Mmmmm... not bad at all."

	"Uhhhh..."  Rainbow fidgeted, her cheeks slightly red.  "You'