re welcome...?"

	"Hmmm..."  Kitsune fanned herself with her own wingfeathers.  "That remains to be seen."

	"Rainbow!  Where'd you go, girl?  You won't believe what I found!"  Eagle Eye galloped over a mound of grass and held up a cluster of fruit with a victorious grin.  "Peaches!"

	Rainbow winced.  Her eyes darted between him and the two mares.

	Both pegasi had frozen, their gazes locked on the unicorn stallion.

	Eagle Eye blinked, his smile slowly melting into a confounded expression.  Not long after, Bellesmith trotted up.  "EE?  What is it?  Did you find—?"  She froze, covering her muzzle with a pair of golden hooves.  The mare's eyes were instantly locked on the ponies' wings.

	"Ermmmm..."  Rainbow Dash gulped.

	"K-K-Kitsune...?" Rayvinne bit her lip as she trotted nervously beside her friend.  "Who... what are those...?"

	Kitsune's amber eyes darted between the one-and-a-half growths coming out of the Jurists' skulls.  "Uhhhhh..."  She stared at their wingless sides.  "By Valkyrie's shouts..."

	Rainbow flew into the air.  "I'll tell you who these are!"  She shot down and landed in a nimble slide, standing between the two pairs of equines.  "These are my friends!  And—since they hang out with me—they're totally awesome!"  She smirked.  "I'll prove it!"  Grasping two apples from her saddlebags, she spun and threw them hard at Eagle Eye.  "Think fast, lavender!"

	"Gaaaaiiie!"  Eagle Eye leaned back, wincing with curled forelimbs.  The apples stopped just inches from his muzzle, expertly hovering in a magic field that matched his glowing horn.

	"See?"  Rainbow turned back, smirking.  "Cooler than a blizzard with lightning!"

	"Whoahhhhhhhh..." Rayvinne cooed, eyes sparkling.

	"That's..."  Kitsune slowly smirked.  "...pretty cool."

	"Will you look at that?"  Rayvine hissed aside, eyes staring at Eagle Eye.  "He's got the gold lights!"

	"Don't be a gull," Kitsune grunted, nevertheless staring.  "Nopony can make the gold lights..."

	"Then how do you explain this?"  Rainbow grasped Eagle's petite body and flung him skyward.

	"Rainbowwwwww—?!"  Eagle clenched his muscles, catching his whole body in a glowing field and hovering just a few inches above the ground instead of hitting it.  "Nnnnngh... must you...?"

	"Heeheehee!"  Rainbow Dash smiled proudly and pointed his way.  "See?"

	"That's amazing!" Rayvinne said.

	"Wrong a-word, but everypony misses on their first try."

	"Heehee!"

	Kitsune squinted at Bellesmith.  "What's wrong with yours?"

	Belle smiled.  "I'm afraid my gold lights are broken."  She turned towards Rainbow Dash.  "Rainbow, this... this is incredible.  Where are these ponies from?"

	"Pffft.  Where all ponies are from," Kitsune said, raising a hoof towards the treen canopy above.  "Durandana."

	"Nnngh..."  Eagle Eye fumbled, then plopped himself down on even legs.  He panted for breath.  "D-Durandana?"

	"She's and east bird, for sure," Kitsune said, pointing at Rainbow Dash.  She trotted forward and shamelessly tapped Belle's horn-stub, forcing the mare to flinch slightly.  "But you guys?  I couldn't be feathered to know."

	"Bet with homing like that you could scale beyond the greens," Rayvinne said, trotting up to Eagle Eye.  She squinted, leaned in, and sniff-sniffed his mane.  She leaned back with a gasp.  "A stallion!"

	"Er... yeah..."  Eagle sighed, glancing aside with folded ears.  "I get that a lot..."

	"So... uhm..."  Rainbow Dash stepped in the center of the group.  "About this Durandana..."

	"Heh..."  Rayvinne smirked at her.  "Why talk so funny about it?"  She gestured towards the unicorns.  "How about telling us where you met these friends of yours?"

	"Well, we flew in here on a skystone sh—Mmmmmmf!"  Eagle went cross-eyed.

	Rainbow leaned over from where she had her hoof planted over his muzzle.  "I found them... wh-while on a hike!"

	"Rainbow..."  Belle droned.

	Rainbow grimaced at her, then turned to smile at the ponies once more.  "But we're an awful long way from... uh... East Duran