dana!"  She smiled nervously.  "Been so long since we hung out with our Western and... Central sisters."

	"Heehee... we can tell."

	"Jerrio's gonna pop all his feathers once he sees you."

	"Think we can have a chat with him sometime?" Rainbow asked.

	"Depends on when Sivrem's flock is done sky herding."

	"Uhhh..."  Belle leaned her head aside.  "Excuse me—who?"

	Kitsune gawked at her, then at Rainbow Dash.  "You seriously haven't told your friends about Sivrem?"

	"Why?"  Rainbow fidgeted.  "Does he smell?"

	"Mmmmmm..."  Rayvinne tossed her mane, blushing pleasantly.  "And how..."

	Several shadows rushed overhead, briefly breaking the sunlight through the trees.

	Eagle gasped, glancing straight up.  "Rainbow... d-did you see that just now?"

	"Ah!  That must be Sivrem's flock!"  Kitsune said, smirking.  "Bet the leatherbacks are extra stubborn this morning."

	"Leather... backs...?"

	"Can't blame him for slacking off.  We all know Sivrem's a great stallion, but he can't be feathered to milk a calf for Valkyrie silver."

	"Hahahahah... I know, right?"

	Just then, Roarke galloped up, breathless.  "Rainbow!  Something large flew over us just now!  We have to warn the..."  Her face twisted in confusion as her lenses retracted.  "...Jury."

	"Gaaah!"  Rayvinne flinched.  "Speaking of Valkyrie silver...!"

	"Hoo boy..."  Eagle Eye shuddered.

	"Oh... uh..."  Rainbow turned to grin nervously at the alarmed pegasi.  "This here's my friend Roarke.  She's also got a horn."  She winked.  "It's just stuck someplace hidden."

	"Is that so...?"

	Just then, more shadows darted overhead.  The tree canopy shook as several bodies swiftly drifted down, coming to a low hover over the forest floor.  Pegasi of every coat color imaginable gathered in the dimly-lit air, shaking the nearby leaves with their collective wings.  About a third of them had noticeably colorful manes, with dyes of red, yellow, green, blue, and violet.

	"Kitsune!  Rayvinne!"  A stallion with a four-toned mane sighed, adjusting a pair of goggles over his brown face.  "You broke your homing or what?  We need to carry the fruit back to the West Tower before First Light!"  He flinched, tilting his head down to glance at the four strangers.  He raised his goggles, exposing a pair of green eyes.  "Who're these gulls?"

	"Uhhmmm... Jerrio?"  A pegasus beside him leaned in, eyes wide.  "I don't think they're gulls... or ponies."

	"Of course they're ponies!" a stallion spat.  "Look at them!"

	"I am.  And I'm about to puke my eggshells."

	Several pegasi laughed while Belle and Eagle squirmed awkwardly.

	"Roarke!"  Rainbow hissed, squinting at her.  "Quick!  Do something cool!"

	Roarke turned and droned, "What is that going to accomplish?"

	"These are pegasi," Rainbow said.  "It'll accomplish everything!"

	"Nnnnngh..."  Roarke groaned, ears drooping.  "Eagle Eye...?"

	"Why me?"

	"Relax, breeder.  Just toss up a bunch of fruit."

	"Uhhhh... sure."  Eagle Eye grasped as many pears and peaches from his saddlebag that he could, then tossed them up high.

	Roarke flicked her neck to the left.  A panel opened up along a metal brace across her shoulder.  Three tiny barbed missiles flew through the air, impacted the fruit in mid-air, and sent juicy bits of mush flying across the flinching faces of every pegasus in attendance.

	"Roarkkkke!"  Bellesmith squealed, frowning.  "That wasn't very smart!"

	"You say that as if it was my idea," Roarke said.

	"Uhhhh..."  Rayvinne flinched, trying in vain to shake fruit pulp off her limbs.

	"That... that..."  Kistune stammered.

	"That was so awesome!"  One stallion overhead hollered.

	The air filled with cheers and whoops and hollers as the winged ponies all voiced their approval.  The wind kicked up by their combined feathers made it difficult for the three grounded ponies to stand upright.  At last, several pegasi touched down and crowded around the group, leaning in and murmuring a cascade of awestruck words and exclamations.

	"Hmmm..." J