bring the ship further down.  “Consider this your first complimentary away mission.”

    Props blinked, then smiled with rosy cheeks.  “Squee….!”

		//------------------------------//
		// The Gloom and Doom Room		//------------------------------//

    Somewhere, inside a dark dark corridor with rusted bulkheads…

    A door hung on its hinges, covered with a slick layer of condensation.  All was silent, until a tapping sound resonated on the far side.  This was followed by a grinding noise, and then a rattling cacophony of tremors.  Once again, all was silent.  Then, just as the last echo of the previous noise had begun to settle…

    Clangggg!  The door blew off its hinges, collapsing somewhere in the middle of the long narrow hallway.  As the vapors of dispelled mana settled, Josho’s silhouette could be seen standing against the blinding light with a glowing horn.

    Eagle Eye winced from where he and Props stood behind the obese stallion.  “Did you really need to get Medieval on the doorway like that?”

    “This is a rescue mission,” Josho grumbled.  “Not a one pony sneaking mission.”

    “Speak for yourself,” Eagle Eye said with a gulp.  “Who’s to know how long this ship’s been run aground on this iceberg?  I don’t want to wake up anything that doesn’t need to see the light of day.”

    “You’re supposed to be sassy, Princess, not paranoid.”

    “Yeah, well, some old habits of the battlefield die hard.”

    “Heh… that’s what she said.”

    “Oh, for the love of--!”

    “Shhhh…”  Rainbow Dash hovered down into view, peering through the opened doorway.  “Thanks for making an entrance, Josho.  Let’s do this next part somewhat quietly, okay?”

    “Pffft.  If you insist.”

    “I do.  Also that I go first.”

    “But you’re always taking point!”

    “Josho…”  Rainbow Dash clenched her eyes shut, sighed, then gestured ahead.  “Fine.  Be the knight in shining armor.”

    “Damn straight.  I was born with turtle wax.”  Josho stepped over the bottom frame of the door and shuffled his way into the claustrophobic corridor.  His glowing horn lit the way while he levitated a shotgun cautiously left and right, eyeing every shadow that the ship’s interior presented.

    Rainbow Dash floated close behind, her wings flapping above a tight leather coat.  Behind her, Props nervously trotted, sliding her goggles above a pair of wide, blinking blue eyes.  Eagle Eye took up the rear, levitating his sword and shield alongside him.

    The interior was somewhat disorienting, a consequence of the structure of the ship leaning at an awkward thirty-degree angle towards its dilapidated stern.  Though it looked like the quartet was trotting straight down an even plane, they felt like they were moving uphill.  What’s more, the cold hallway walls were slick with moisture, causing Josho to slip a few times, much to his grumbling dismay.

    “Don’t worry,” Rainbow murmured, her voice echoing a lot louder than she expected.  Nevertheless, she patted the stallion’s shoulder and murmured into his ear.  “You at least still look like a cool guy.”

    “I never cared much for ships,” Josho grumbled.  “At least the ones that stuck to water.”

    “Why’s that?” Eagle’s voice murmured from the rear of the procession.

    “Could never handle the cramped conditions.  Plus, sailors are just… friggin’ weird,” Josho grumbled back at the unicorn.  “Odds are they’d either eat me alive for sustenance if we got stranded, or they’d at least try and turn me into you.”

    Eagle Eye frowned.  “Really?  We’re going into that at a time like this?”

    “Shhh!”  Rainbow Dash hissed.  “Save it for the honeymoon, coltfriends.”  She glanced over her shoulder.  “Props, any idea how we’ll know if we’re getting warm?”

    “Uhm… if we get warm.”

    Rainbow sighed.  “Props…”

    “No!  For real!” she squeaked.  “Not