errio smirked slightly, folding his forelimbs from where he observed the ceiling.  "Well, if this hasn't been an interesting morning."

	"Yes... uhm... v-very..."  Eagle Eye said, squirming as several ponies reached in to poke his mane and horn.  "Uhm... Rainbow?"

	"You enjoying yourself yet?" Roarke grunted, shaking slightly as pegasi tapped her metal braces and leaned in to see their reflections in her lenses.

	"Heeheehee..."  Rainbow hugged herself in mid-air, wiping her eyes dry as she smirked.  "Ohhhhhh this is too rich..."
		//------------------------------//
		// Alas, Ponies of a Feather...		//------------------------------//

	Pilate's head turned, his ears twitching.

	Kera glanced up from where she and Ebon were peering over the edge of the Noble Jury's top deck.  "Pilate?"  She waddled over and tapped his fetlock.  "What is it?"

	"I..."  Pilate shifted uncomfortably.  "I think I heard something."

	"Jee, could it be one of the millions of indeterminate animals hiding away in this bush?"  Ebon sighed, slumping against the edge of the ship.  "Mmmmf... I still don't know why Eagle Eye dives into these things."

	"He's good at bouncing back with a smile, Ebony!" Props exclaimed.

	"Besides, his coat's a few good shades away from red," Zaid mused, stifling a yawn as he leaned against one of the skystone masts.  "He'll come back safe.  Don't worry."

	"I'm serious, everypony," Pilate said, trotting down the center.  "I heard... something out of place."

	"Did a tree sneeze or something?"  Zaid cocked his head to the side.  "It's not very windy."

	"It almost sounded like an explosion," Pilate claimed.  "Or rocket fire."

	"Well, Roarke is with them!" Kera exclaimed.

	"Then just what does that mean?" Props remarked.

	"If we're lucky?"  Ebon muttered.  "They found a giant rampaging beast and Roarke's just won us some steak dinners for the next month."

	"What is every boomer spitting about?" Floydien stuck his head out.  "Floydien sees nothing but mist mist."

	"Pilate's getting one of his funny feelings again!" Kera exclaimed.

	"It's not funny."  Pilate briefly frowned.  "I'm just... feeling a bit uneasy."

	"Relax, stripes!"  Props trotted towards him, smiling.  "It's okay to be worried about Belle, but she's come back from shadier places than this!"

	"Yeah, besides, they've got the comfort of Whizzball not that far away," Zaid said.  Just then, a huge shadow woooshed by, rocking the ship slightly.  He blinked dumbly into the metal bulkheads.  "...speaking of whizzing."

	"Wh-what in the heck was that?!" Ebon exclaimed.

	"See what I mean?" Pilate spun about, ears pricked.  "We're not alone out here!"

	Josho galloped up the rear stairwell, breathless.  "What just rocked the ship?  I thought we were stationary!"

	Something wooooshed by again, this time causing the vessel to rock back and forth.

	"Yeepsies!" Props squelched, grabbing onto Zaid for support.

	"Floydien does not like this glimmer," the elk muttered.

	"Hey!"  Kera peered over the port side, grinning.  "That's so awesome!"

	"No no no, little larva boomer.  Wrong spit."

	"Nah..."  Kera turned as she pointed towards several approaching shapes.  "I'm talking about the huge flock of nightmare-black creatures soaring our way!"

	"Buh?"  Ebon craned his neck, and his eyes widened.  "Buhhhhhhhh!" he stumbled back onto his flank.

	Just then, the rest of the shadows arrived, their scaled bodies glistening in the morning sun.  Cartiligenous "fins" rippled in the air, pivoting their bodies so that they sliced right past the Noble Jury with long leathery tails whipping behind them.  They resembled enormous manta-rays, even down to the dual cephalic extensions at the front of their triangular bodies.  Instead of gills, they possessed large porous pouches that consistently belched fumes of light gases from the lateral edges of their fleshy bodies.  Dull bass purring notions emanated from their gaping mouths as they roared just inches off the Noble Jury's hull, one by one.

	To say the least, t