his rocked the vessel heavily, nearly flinging Floydien and his fellow crew ponies off the sides in the first fly-by alone.

	"Gaaah!"  Kera yelped, suddenly being flung into the green space beyond.

	"Kera!" Pilate hollered.

	In a flash of telekinesis, Josho caught the filly and floated her back to where he stood, gripping a mast.  "Elk!  Get us the buck out of here!"

	"Floydien... grnnngh... is trying!"  Floydien clawed his way back towards the cockpit in futility.  "Stay still, Nancy!"

	"Guys!"  Ebon whimpered, peering past the stern with wide eyes.  "More of them are coming!"  He gulped.  "They're going to hit us!"

	"Floydien, we have to move!"

	"It's too late!"

	"Everypony grab onto something!"

	Just as the creatures were about to bear down on the ship, the air filled with the chorus of eagle and osprey calls.  Tiny, colorful shapes darted in and out of the flock of leathery creatures, herding them northward so that they avoided the Noble Jury by mere feet.  The airship rocked less and less, hovering once more to a stand-still as the beasts soared harmlessly northeast over the jungled basin.

	"What... what...?"  Ebon stood upright, panting.  "What just happened?"

	"Did a bunch of birds save us?" Zaid remarked.

	Pilate's metal brow furrowed.  "Friends... I do not think that those are actual birds."

	Ebon glanced back, frowning.  "Then what the hay made that sound?"  Th-Thud!  A winged stallion landed on the ship's railing in front of him, staring the cook in the face.  Ebon looked up and immediately flailed backwards.  "Gaaaaie!"

	"Ledo's girdle!" Josho stammered.

	Dangling in his magic field, Kera grinned upside down.  "Cool!"

	"Uhhh..."  Zaid and Props craned their necks to look better.  "Did Rainbow Dash get a sex change...?"

	The light-blue stallion turned his head about, wide red eyes peering intently like an owl's.  The bulk of his mane hung down the back of his head in a dark green braid, but two separate locks hung down past each ear—one blue and the other red.  Around his head there dangled a necklace comprised of multi-colored feathers and songbird skulls.  His fetlocks were bound with fossilized talons wrapping all about, and a smattering of thin scars blemished his otherwise shiny coat.

	"Somepony, please..."  Pilate murmured aside.  "...tell me what just landed on the ship."

	Floydien squinted.  "Floydien wishes he could say..."

	"Uhhhh..." Props trotted up, smiling nervously at the stallion.  "Hey there, bright eyes!  Welcome to the Noble Jury!"  She leaned forward, blue eyes blinking.  "Do you have a name?"

	The stallion squinted, sniffed the air between them, then tilted his head skyward.  His muzzle opened, letting loose a loud, hawk-like shriek.

	Props fidgeted.  "Uhm... I-I'm not sure I can pronounce that."

	The wind kicked up, accompanied by several flapping feathers.  The Jurists glanced up, gasping to see that they were surrounded by five... ten... twenty... over thirty pegasi, all hovering above the ship and staring intently down at it.

	"Hoooooo boyo..."  Zaid gulped, eyes darting from one winged pony to another.  "Talk about Alfred Haycock presents..."

	"I'm so confused," Pilate wheezed.

	Josho leaned in and whispered, "Lots... and lots of pegasi."

	Pilate's blind eyes twitched.  "...undead?"

	"Nope."  Josho winced.  "Creepy nonetheless."  He jumped as one pegasus landed not far from him.

	Then another pony landed.  Then another.

	The whole ship rocked as—one by one—the bulk of the pegasi made contact with their hooves, trotting over the top deck and running their hooves across the various metal surfaces.  They cooed and made birdsong with clicking tongues, smiling at one another.

	"Hey!  Hey!"  Floydien snarled, shaking a cloven hoof.  "Get your feather glimmer and chicken spit off my Nancy!"  His antlers began sparkling.  "Floydien means it!"

	"Mr. Floydien!"  Pilate called out, stretching his hoof blindly.  "Whatever you do, please don't—"

	"Ooooooh..."  A stallion gasped, eyes locked o