n Floydien's antlers.  "Home in on those gold lights!"

	"By Valkyrie's shout," another said, flying towards Floydien.

	"Grnnngh!"  Floydien fired a volley of energy.

	"Handsome, no!" Props shouted.

	It was too late, the male pegasus took the brunt of the energy blast.  His body toppeled backwards, but hovered to a stop in the air off the port side.

	Every Jurist winced.

	"Hnnnngh!"  The stallion shook the pain off, tossed his mane, and grinned.  "Again!"

	"Wooo!"

	"Ha ha!"

	The air filled with whoops and cheer as pegasi flew in tight circles around the confounded elk.

	"Do me now!"

	"I'm first born!  I can handle it!"

	"No!  Do me!  Do me!"

	"Beak it in, Jagold, you'd only puke up eggshells."

	"Nuh uh!"

	"Uhhhh..."  Floydien backed up until his haunches were planted against the cockpit's doorframe.  "For the first t-time, Floydien is c-confused..."

	"Just relax, Mr. Floydien, I... I don't think they mean us any harm—"  Pilate stopped in the middle of his speech, for a pegasus was hovering right in front of him, tapping the runes of his metal plate.

	"Look at this gull!" she said.  "Valkyrie silver becomes him!"

	"And here as well," another pegasus crouched low, tapping the O.A.S.I.S. sphere.  "Hmmmm..."  He smirked.  "I wonder if all his balls are shiny."

	"Hahahaha!"

	"Please..."  Pilate gently shoved their hooves away, backing up into Josho.  "That's quite enough, thank you."

	"Look!"  A mare squatted low, beaming as she stared Kera in the face.  "This one glows all over!  And she's got a rod in her head!"

	"Heeheehee..."  Kera smirked.  "You ain't seen the half of it, lady!"  She lifted a coil of roap with her magic and made it twirl like a serpent in the air.  "Tadaaaaa!"

	"Aaack!  Aaack!"  The mare and several other pegasi fled skyward, perching frightfully atop the skystone and peering down.  "Gold lights!  Gold lights!"

	"Not a very good idea, pipsqueak," Josho muttered aside.

	"What?"  Kera glanced up, smirking.  "Better than shooting your boomstick at them!"

	"I'm almost tempted..."

	Suddenly, an eagle shriek flew across the top deck again.  Most of the pegasi cleared a path across the top deck in an instant.  The stallion with the colored locks and bird necklace trotted down the center, approaching Pilate.

	"You are not of the Valkyrie's flock," he said.  "Tell me."  His red eyes narrowed.  "Are you from beyond the greens?"

	"Uhm..."  Pilate cleared his throat.  "If you mean to ask if we are outsiders, then I do believe the answer is yes."

	"You manage to make Valkyrie silver fly," the stallion said, his bone necklace rattling.  "How?"

	"It... is certainly a long and complicated explanation," Pilate said, smiling nervously.

	"Hrmmm..."  The stallion's lips curved.  "Fortunate for both of us, Durandana does not favor long and complicated things."  He leaned in close, sniffing the flinching zebra's mane.  He leaned back.  "You have a mate?"

	"Yes.  As a matter of fact, I do."

	"Good."  The pegasus smiled.  "That means through your gullish stripes, you are still a pony."  His wings outstretched, nearly knocking Ebon and Props off their hooves from the sheer gust.  "I am Sivrem, First Born of the Central Tower.  This is my flock.  We are all warm lovers and fighters of the Valkyrie."

	"And... uhm... I am Pilate, faithful navigator of this ship, the Noble Jury."

	Suddenly, Sivrem lunged forward, snapping his teeth just an inch in front of Pilate's face.  The other jurists flinched—but Pilate didn't.  Sivrem's red eyes widened.  "You are blind?"

	"That I am, sir."

	"And yet you home?"

	"I... suppose I do?"

	"Heh... heh heh heh heh!"  Sivrem let loose a booming laugh.  "The Gray Feathers will never believe this!"  He turned and smiled at the other pegasi.  "I've not imagined such wild things!  Even in the Gold Lights!"

	The pegasi laughed and whistled shrilly.

	Just then, a half-dozen more winged ponies flew in and touched down on the ship's bow.

	"Sivrem!" a stallion with a gray coat sp