oke with a rattle of his bird-bone armor.  "The leatherbacks have been herded back to the raked earth.  I sent two ponies to home in on Jerrio."  He paused to gawk at the ship with a dumb smile, his green mane billowing in the wind.  "By Valkyrie's shout... it's even shinier up close!"

	"Where are the feathers on these ponies?" asked a yellow-coated mare with shiny blue hair.

	"Smythe... Jagold..."  Sivrem whistled, summoning the two pegasi at his side.  "These are ponies from beyond the greens."

	"Beyond the greens?"  Smythe trotted in, sniffing Josho's muzzle, then immediately reeling back with a forelimb stretched before his wrinkled muzzle.  "Nnnngh!  Eggshells!  You take us for gulls, first born?"

	"By the Gold Lights, it's true!" Sivrem said, smiling proudly.  "The leatherbacks almost reduced them to down.  I do not believe they can fly."

	"Well, one of us can!" Kera said.

	Josho cleared his throat.

	Smythe blinked quizzically.  "What's that, little sparrow?"

	"Jerrio's group hasn't shown up at Central yet," Jagold said.  "Maybe they met more of these gulls?"

	"We're simply passing through," Pilate said.  "We had no idea that there were actual ponies living in this place.  When our leader saw fruit trees below, we decided to stop and stock up on supplies."  He gulped.  "Please, forgive us for intruding.  We meant no offense."

	"Offense?  Intruding?"  Sivrem laughed loudly.  "Does the gull know that Durandana's skies are free to all ponies, Valkyrie's flock or not?"

	"You mean..."  Ebon bit his lip.  "You don't want to tear us limb from limb?"

	"Hmmmm..."  Smythe trotted over, sniffed Ebon's mane, and smirked coyly.  "That remains to be seen."

	Ebon sweated nervously.  "Uhhhh..."

	"Relax, sailboat," Josho grumbled.  "These hippies strike me as harmless..."  Josho nevertheless batted two curious mares away.  "Among other annoying adjectives..."

	"Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh... guys?"

	Everypony looked over.

	By this point, the majority of the pegasi had flocked around Props, all forming a tight circle.  Several hooves poked/tapped her face, cheeks, leg muscles, and even her cutie mark.  She broke an awkward smile, giggling breathily.

	"Okay... okay!  Heehee!  That tickles!  Smokestacks!  You guys are really, really friendly, aren't you?"

	"By Valkyrie's shout!  She even sounds like silk."

	"Why doesn't a mare so airy have feathers?"

	"Is..."  One stallion batted at her dangling tail.  "...is it actual gold?"

	"Heeeeeeeeee!" Jagold leaned in, hovering upside down as she nuzzled-nuzzled her head deep into Props' mane.  "I could just sleep in this for daysssssss!"  The other pegasi chuckled and laughed.

	"Heehee!  I bet you could!" Props sing-songed.

	"Okaaaaaaaaaaaay..."  Zaid stealthily trotted his way in, ushering the tight circle of ponies to spread apart.  "Petting zoo hours are over.  For realsies, even birds build nests.  Personal space, much?"

	"Oh Zaidy waidy, they're only saying 'hello,'" Props said with a smirk.

	"I hate to see how'd they say 'good bye.'"

	One mare leaned in, sniffed Zaid, and pointed at him.  "This one smells like a leatherback cave!"

	"Hey!"  Zaid cackled.  "My mother was a saint!"

	Kera giggled.  "Isn't this awesome?"

	"That's an operative term," Josho mumbled.  His eyes scanned the eastern mists.  "Speaking of which..."

	"Our leader would be very... very interested in seeing you and your fellow ponies, Mr. Sivrem," Pilate said.  "Is there a chance you could... uhm... allow us a chance to meet up with our fellow friends again?"

	"If they are in Durandana, then I assure you that they are safe."

	"That... that's nice to know, but even still—"

	"You cannot mask your own scent that easily," Sivrem said with a smirk.  "Anxiety clings to you like a plague.  But don't worry.  I will send Smythe to fetch your friends.  His homing is a solid gift from the Valkyrie."  He whistled at the stallion in question.  "Go and seek the other outsiders, so that we may commune as one."

	"But Sivrem!"  Smythe winced s