lightly.  "First Light is upon us!"

	"Then these outer gulls shall bear witness and rejoice in the Gold Lights."

	"What will the Gray Feathers say?"

	"The Gray Feathers only need to know what we sing to them."  Sivrem winked, then chuckled.  "Now gust, already."

	"Yes, First Born."  Smythe leapt off the Noble Jury's side and glided out into the mists.  He whistled over his shoulder.

	"Whoops!"  Jagold backflipped and flew after him.  "He needs his wingpony."  She winked and blew a kiss at Props before diving out of sight along with three other pegasi.

	Zaid glanced at Jagold, then did a double-take at Props as the mare pleasantly waved back.  "Oye... I don't know whether to feel sick in the good or bad way."

	"Hold your eggshells in," Sivrem said, trotting leisurely across the top deck full of pegasi.  "And tell me more about the land beyond the greens."

	"Well, uhm..."  Ebon scratched his chin.  "There's a lot of death and mayhem and wars and—"

	"Ahem..."  Pilate calmly blushed aside and approached Sivrem with a smile.  "Allow me, Mr. Mane."

	"Fine.  Handle every multicultural first contact, then."

	"I believe I shall.  You, on the other hoof, can think about cooking them a complimentary meal."

	"Hoo boy..."  Josho groaned.  "Then they'll have a real excuse to go to war with us."

	"Hey!" Ebon squeaked.

	Kera and Props giggled.
		//------------------------------//
		// She Said "Flock This Way"		//------------------------------//

	"That is a most striking manestyle, Ms. Kitsune," Bellesmith said.  She then glanced at the other numerous pegasi gathered around the apple trees.  "May I ask what's inspired you and your friend Mr. Jerrio to color it so?"

	Kitsune's amber eyes twitched as her face contorted in confusion.  "For real...?"  She looked sharply at Rainbow Dash.  "You mean you haven't told her?"

	Rainbow gulped.  "Uhhhhhh..."

	"She's your friend, ain't she?"  Rayvinne giggled.  "And your name's 'Rainbow Dash' for crying out loud!  Heehee!"

	"Hey, one thing at a time!"  Rainbow curtsied with a smirk.  "It took them a long time to get used to my feathers!"

	"And a whole lot of bruises," Roarke droned.  Eagle Eye lightly swatted her forelimb without looking.  The mare's lips tightened.

	"But, y'know, one thing at a time!"  Rainbow turned to smile awkwardly at the winged ponies.  "Now I've... f-finally introduced them to you West Durangos!"

	"Durandanans, girl."

	"Whatever.  Just tell them the age-old mane story," Rainbow said with an air of sarcasm.  "If I do it one more time, I swear, my tongue will fall off."

	"Well, it's kind of boring, really," Kitsune said with a wry smirk thrown in Belle's direction.  "The First-Borns get to dye their manes as a sign of their higher allegiance to the Valkyrie.  It's all in her image, after all."

	Jerrio nodded and said, "The Gray Feathers teach us from the scrolls that they represent both the Valkyrie's natural colors as well as her fiery, righteous passion for defending Durandana from all that would try to corrupt the Gold Lights with—"

	"Blah blah blah blah..."  Rayvinne rolled her eyes, then flew in to nuzzle Kitsune cheek to cheek.  "What matters is that it's downright beautifullll."

	"Heehee... Please, Ray..."  Kitsune nudged back.  "Nothing beats your mane."

	"So... being First-Born makes you a leader?" Eagle Eye asked.

	"Pretty much, yes," Jerrio said.

	"Pffft!  Makes you 'lucky' is more like it," Rayvinne said.

	Jerrio frowned across the clearing at her while several pegasi chuckled and laughed.  "The Rite of the First-Born involves a great deal of wisdom and responsibility—"

	"Face it, Jerrio.  All that happened was you were squirted out first!"

	He stomped his hoof and snarled, "Come on, guys!  For real!"  They nevertheless laughed as he leaned back with folded ears.  "Hrmmmph... none of you would say this to Sivrem's face if he was here."

	"That's because, unlike you, he's friggin' handsome."

	"Yeah!  Hahahaha!"

	"Nnnnnngh..."  Jerrio face-hoofed, groaning.  