He turned to the strangers.  "My apologies.  I imagine you all must have a ton of questions.  Valkyrie knows I do..."

	"Oh, naturally," Belle said with a nod.  "Though, to be perfectly honest, I'm a little worried about the rest of our friends."

	"Yeah..."  Eagle Eye trotted up.  "We had no idea that this place was populated with such incredible ponies!  If we're this surprised, then there's no telling how surprised the others may react."

	"The... others?" Jerrio asked, squinting.

	"They're perfectly harmless!" Belle insisted with a nervous smile.

	"Yeah!"  Eagle turned and pointed skyward.  "Why, we left them way up back there in the—"

	"In the cave!"  Rainbow's voice cracked as she flew in between the unicorn and the Durandanans.  She smiled nervously.  "High up... in the outer gr-greens, y'know!"

	"Uh huh..."

	"Rainbow, seriously..." Belle turned towards her.  "It's more than obvious that these pegasi are nothing but friendly."

	"Belle..."

	"I think it will make things all the better if we simply dropped the act and told them about the Noble Jury."

	"The Noble What?" Kitsune made an awkward face.

	"Hey!"  Smythe and Jagold touched down with a flurry of feathers.  A small group of bone-armored equine landed beside them as they approached Jerrio and the others.  "Guys!  You'll never guess what we saw back there!"

	"A giant slab of Valkyrie silver!" Jagold exclaimed.  "Suspended from crimson lights!  And it's full of ponies without wings or feathers or—"  She turned, her pupils shrinking upon the sight of the strangers in the group.  "...eggshells!"

	"Oh, hey!"  Smythe smirked.  "You found them!"

	"Huh?"

	"The others said that their 'leader' would be here with a whole group.  I guess you met the outsiders as well."

	Jerrio turned towards Rainbow Dash.  "You came in with another group?"

	"Heh..."  Rainbow brushed her mane back, blushing slightly.  "Guess there's no pulling the wool over your eyes."

	"I... don't get it," Kitsune murmured.

	"Look, I just didn't want to freak anypony out," Rainbow said, suppressing a giggle.  "It's hard enough—heehee—as it is trying to c-contain my own inner explosions, ya dig?"

	"Why?  Is there a reason for shovels?"  Rayvinne asked.

	"No.  It... that... unnngh..."  Rainbow face-hoofed while a few nearby pegasi giggled.

	"I think you're doing more harm than good, Rainbow," Roarke droned.

	"Oooooooh..."  Jagold trotted up, cooing.  "This one is made of Valkyrie silver..."  She raised a hoof to Roarke's braced flank.  "...and it talks."

	"It also does not like being touched!," Roarke hissed, several metal bands popping loose with errant sparks.

	"Eeep!"  Jagold zipped to the far end of an apple tree and hid, trembling.

	"Did you really have to do thatttt?" Eagle Eye sighed.

	"Yes..."  Roarke grunted, retracting the metal pieces while the gawking pegasi flinched from a distance.  "I did."

	"I'm a little confused..."  Smythe pointed Rainbow's way.  "Is she with these ponies?"

	"That would seem to be the case," Jerrio said.  He looked pointedly at Rainbow Dash.  "What I want to know is—how come you didn't bring this to the Gray Feathers?"

	"What's that, now?"

	"Wingless ponies?  Flying Valkyrie silver?  This has gotta be the most significant discovery of our lifetime!"

	"Not to mention the coolest," Kitsune sing-song'd.

	Jerrio sighed and continued, "Were you afraid that the Gray Feathers wouldn't approve?  You're First-Born.  You should know more than most ponies that they're not like that."

	"Actually... uhm..."  Rainbow Dash fidgeted nervously.  "I'm not exactly from around here either."

	"Awwwww... don't think you can fool us anymore, girl!"  Rayvine floated around Rainbow Dash, doing backwards "swim-strokes" through the air while grinning.  "You're slick, swift..."

	"You've got a gorgeous mane," Jagold said from a distance, but instantly hid back behind the tree when half the ponies glanced her way.

	"You're Durandanan through and through!"  Rayvinne giggled.  "Probabl