y East D.  Central is too stiff for you."

	"Heh... heheh..."  Rainbow slicked her mane back and smirked.  "I dunno how to break it to ya... but I'm just as native to this place as my featherless buddies here.  Not that I don't mind all the kickflank flattery and—" She paused, glancing out the side of her vision.

	Bellesmith was smiling softly at her from afar.

	Rainbow blinked.  Her cheeks blushed a little.  "What?"

	"Either way, their friends up on the flying silver are a bit worried about them," Smythe said to Jerrio.  He smirked with perking ears.  "And Sivrem would absolutely love to meet the rest.  Then we can take them to see the Gray Feathers together!"

	"Uhm..."  Eagle Eye fidgeted, then raised a hoof.  "Now hold on one second..."

	"Yeah, one cloud burst at a time," Rainbow said, hovering a little higher.  "Who's this 'Sivrem' dude?"

	Jerrio was about to reply, when suddenly a loud metallic gong echoed against the earthen walls of the crater.  The very branches of the trees shook, and several birds flew out from their leafy hiding.  Instantly, he coiled his wings at his side and faced east.  "First Light.  The towers rise."

	"The Towers Rise," every pegasus said in perfect unison.  They whistled and chirped briefly between each other, then squatted low to the floor as one.  Each of them faced in one direction, their ears folded and their faces glazed with solemnity.  After whispering a few quiet words, they closed their eyes and stretched their wings outward—as if embracing the sunrise.

	"Uhhhh..."  Belle murmured, trotting nervously through the statuesque huddles of bowing ponies.  "What's going on?"

	"I... I-I dunno..."

	"Shhhh!" Eagle Eye insisted.

	The two mares looked at her.

	He gulped and whispered, "Isn't it obvious they're praying to something?"

	"Yeah... but what?"

	"Hrmmm..."  Roarke tilted her head up.  Something glinted off her lenses, and she murmured, "I think we're about to find out..."
		//------------------------------//
		// Off to See the Lights		//------------------------------//

	"You will certainly love Central!"  Sivrem said with a smirk.  "It's a magnificent city, run by the Gray Feathers and built by the Gray Feathers before them and the Gray Feathers before them."

	"Yes, and plenty of fruit and leatherback milk to go around!" another pegasus exclaimed.

	"Wait..."  Zaid tilted his head aside from where he stood on the Jury's top deck beside Props.  "You mean to say you milk those giant floating devil ray thingies?"

	"Yup!"  A winged mare said with a smirk.  "They provide us with nourishment and we provide them with protection from Durandana's elements!  Symbiosis with nature is the Valkyrie's way, after all..."

	"Plus," a stallion nodded and said, "The milk is delicious."  Several other pegasi chuckled and whistled in approval.

	"I see..."  Zaid rubbed his chin.  "So... ahem... it stands to reason th-that—"

	Before he could finish his sentence, an enormous gong echoed across the Crater.

	"Oh come on!" Zaid spun, frowning.  Props giggled as he spat, "What now?!"

	Sivrem produced an eagle's cry, lifting himself up high with a serious expression.  "The Tower Rises."

	"The Tower Rises"  Every pegasus lifted up, their faces as serious as the First-Born.

	"What is this, now?"  Zaid frowned.  "Batmare?"

	"Zaid, shhhh!" Ebon insisted, squinting nervously aside.  "They're going someplace—"

	Every pegasus flew over the edge, soaring down towards the jungle canopy below.

	"Where are they all going?!" Kera's voice cracked.

	"Hrmmmf... good riddance, Floydien says."

	"Handsome, please," Props said while trotting down the now-empty deck.  "Something must have spooked them!  They're not used to seeing the likes of Nancy, after all."

	"No, I-I think it's something else," Pilate muttered.  "Did you hear the seriousness in their voices?  It was a completely different tone."

	"Speaking of tones..."  Josho rubbed his chins, blinking.  "What was that loud noise just now?"

	"A dragon farting?" Kera sque