aked.

	"Don't even g-go there," Ebon said with a shiver.

	"Uhhhhh..."  Floydien twitched, blinking high towards the eastern mists.  "Don't every boomer glimmer inside out, now..."

	"Why?  What is it?"  Props turned to look, then threw herself into Zaid's forelimbs with a shriek.  "Aaaackie!"

	"Whoah..." Kera cooed.

	Out of the jungled basin to the east, an enormous wooden structure spiraled its way skyward.  It rose at first like a drill, growing thinner and thinner as several helixes of wooden architecture locked in place.  At last—when the tower was at its thinnest—it ended in a bulbous egg-shaped hollow, with large gaping holes carved into its east and west sides.  Once it had reached its maximum height, the lantern-like structure swiveled ever so slightly, rotating its open sides in swaying motions.

	After staring so long, the Jurists could make out a pulsing beacon emanating from some distant position east of the tower.  At last, the golden beam made its way into the hollow at the top of the structure.  The light made contact with something deep in the center, and suddenly the light intensified, leaving a fiery bright laser of gold light shooting due west, slicing the air above the heads of every crewpony on board the Jury.

	"I'm at a loss," Pilate murmured, fidgeting.  "What is everypony murmuring about?"

	"Some sort of focused light is being funneled through the top of a stupidly tall wooden tower," Josho said, still blinking with wide eyes.  "The source of it appears to be due east."

	"Due east?"  Pilate's ears twitched in thought.  "Like... the Sun?"

	Floydien nodded.  "The walls of this mist hole are high enough to catch the glimmer shine at this time of day," the elk said.

	"Well put, handsome..."  Props climbed out of Zaid's grip, gulping.  "But why?  What for?"

	"Because it looks cool?" Kera remarked.

	"Pffft!  We all know that, adoracuddles!"



	Suddenly, the pegasi flew back up, hovering around the jury.  Their lips moved as they finished a collective mantra under their breaths.

	"...to secure and to protect the Gold Lights forever," Sivrem said, his grin slowly returning across the relaxed muzzle.  "So promise the—"



	"—foals of the Valkyrie forever," Jerrio and Kitsune murmured the loudest while the pegasi all around them gradually stood back up.  "From First-Born to Last."

	The rest of the winged ponies ended the mantra with several whoops, chirps, and cheers.

	Belle and Eagle Eye were gawking at the peak of the brightly-lit tower high above them.

	"At least now we know that they treasure something," Roarke said.

	"Huh?"  Rainbow glanced aside.

	Roarke gazed at her.  "A society that values something stands to lose that something."  Her brow furrowed.  "It's a key weakness we can exploit the moment they feel inspired to turn on us."

	"Roarke!"  Rainbow winced, glanced over her shoulder at the cheering pegasi, then leaned in to whisper.  "Will you keep your friggin' paranoid bounty hunter delusions to yourself for one bucking day?!  These ponies are not going to turn on us!"

	"It helps to be prepared, Rainbow," Roarke droned.  "After all, the predominating pattern of contact made with cultures during our flyby's have consisted of a fair shair of explosions."

	"Yeah, well, these guys aren't gonna explode us!"

	"And just how do you know that?"

	"They're pegasi for crying out loud!  They're not going to tear us limb from limb!  Life's too awesome to spend it with empty skies!"

	"I think you're making gross assumptions."

	"And I think you're a poo poo buckethead!"

	"Hey!"  Rayvinne craned her neck, grinning.  "What are you two lovers bickering about over there?"

	Roarke and Rainbow immediately spun, shuffling a foot-and-a-half apart.  "That gold!  It sure is... golden!  Yup!  Totally!"

	Bellesmith pointed up at the bright beam of light slicing through the misty air.  "Is that the gold lights that you speak of?"

	"Mmmmm..."  Jerrio shook his head, smiling.  "That is First Light.  In four hours, there wi