ll be Mid Light.  Then, eight hours from now, there will be Last Light."

	"That's qu-quite the schedule you Durandanans have made for yourselves," Eagle Eye said.  "Very elaborate."

	"It is not a construction of ours," Kitsune explained.  "The Gray Feathers before us built the towers, yes, but it is all to honor the Lights From Above."

	"Lights From Above?" Rainbow asked.

	Jagold giggled.  "The Sun, ya silly gull!"

	"Nothing other than the Righteous Lights that the Valkyrie and her foals owe their lives to," Jerrio said.  "The Gold Lights try to emulate the Lights From Above, but the Gold Lights are fragile and require the constant protection of the Valkyrie's children."

	"Oh really..."  Belle turned and gave Rainbow a silent look.  "How interesting..."

	Rainbow gulped.  She shook her saddlebag, causing the hilt of the Sword of Solstice to sink in deeper.  "So... uhm..."  Rainbow Dash squinted.  "There's more than one tower?"

	"Oh, totally!"  Rayvinne and Jagold flew up high, grinning in one accord.  "Would you like to go see them now?"

	"Don't forget about Sivrem," Smythe said.

	"Hey, enough standing around here!"  Rainbow Dash said.  "How about we kill two birds with one st—"  She instantly winced.  "Er, I mean, let's meet Sivrem and check out the towers along with my friends all in one go?  H-huh?"

	Eagle Eye face-hoofed while several pegasi laughed and chuckled.  Belle smiled, her giggles joining the fray.

	"Let's gust!"  Jerrio said, taking off with Smythe and Kitsune in tow.

	"There's no way we can catch up with them," Belle said.

	"I doubt they'd let us even if we tried."  Rainbow flapped her wings.  "I'll go on ahead and follow them to the Jury."  She turned and glanced down.  "Roarke?  Whizz it up?"

	Roarke groaned, her ears folded.  Motioning to Eagle and Belle, she turned around and trudged back towards where the Lounge sphere was parked.  "Whizzing away, Rainbow..."
		//------------------------------//
		// Stewards of the Green Basin		//------------------------------//

	"How fascinating..."  Sivrem nodded, then leaned forward, squinting at the golden pendant around Rainbow's neck.  "And the purpose of this piece of jewelry...?

	"Oh boy..."  Rainbow rolled her eyes, smirking.  She and Sivrem and several other pegasi flew meters ahead of the Noble Jury as they slowly glided east, following the steady beam of golden light piercing the misty heavens above.  "I could write a book on what the Element of Loyalty means and does."

	"Then why don't you?"

	"Pffft.  Too busy flying east to do novels, dude."

	"But how is that possible?"  Sivrem cocked his head aside in mid-flight.  "You'd eventually run into the end of the greens."

	"Eheh..."  Rainbow tossed her mane and smirked.  "I may have been a bit coy at first, but—for real, buddy—I'm not from around here.  I flew in from someplace beyond the crater."

	"From beyond Durandana?"  Sivrem's muzzle scrunched.  "I may be willing to believe that about your outsider friends.  But you?"  He pointed.  "You have the Valkyrie's colors written all over you.  You even have the mane of a First Born!"

	"Yeah... about that..."  Rainbow cleared her throat.  "I didn't do any dying or coloring or nothin'."  She fluffed her mane with a weak smile.  "This is about as real as it gets, dude."

	"Hah!"  Sivrem smirked.  "You certainly have the Durandanan sense of humor."

	Kitsune flew backwards in front of the two.  "Heheheh!  As if somepony could be born with something that gorgeous."

	"Call it what you want!  But it's the Real McColt!"  Rainbow blinked.  "I promise!"

	"One thing I wanna know..."  Jagold flew up, hovering alongside Kitsune.  "Just how do you condition it."

	"Nnnngh..."  Rainbow rolled her eyes.  "Same as any pegasus!  Rainwater, sunlight, and lots and lots of wind."

	"Heehee... cute..."  Jagold stuck her tongue out.  "But you're not convincing anypony."

	"Alright, think of it this way..."  Rainbow pointed back at the Noble Jury.  "Before today, you never saw or even imagined a big