 hunk of... errrr... 'Valkyrie silver' flying on its own, huh?"

	"Well..."

	"And what about ponies without wings or feathers, huh?"  Rainbow grinned devilishly.  "Or lavender stallions with horns that can make stuff float?"

	"She has a point there," Smythe said, flying up alongside the rest of the group.  He smiled pleasantly.  "Strange things have happened before. Remember the time when the Lights From Above refused to light the beacons?"

	"I don't see how that's related," Sivrem said, fidgeting in mid-air.

	"The point is, nopony could understand what happened that day," Smythe remarked.  "But then the Gray Feathers explained that records show it had transpired before."

	"But how can the Gray Feathers explain this?" Sivrem remarked.

	"Pffft.  What's to explain?"  Rayvinne flew in and nuzzled Rainbow in mid-flight.  "Heehee!  She's the most awesome thing to have gusted our way in years!"

	"Eh heheheh..."  Rainbow gulped, her cheeks slightly flushed.  "Seriously, though, my buddies and I were just passing on through.  We're on our way to Val Roa."

	"Val Roa?" Kitsune asked, squinting.  "Who's that?"

	Rainbow stared at her blankly.  "You seriously haven't heard anything about Val Roa?"

	The pegasi flying closest to her stared in dumb silence.

	"Or what about Alafreo?"

	More awkward silence amidst the winds.

	Rainbow gulped.  "Erm... oceans?"

	"Oceans..."  Kitsune tapped her muzzle.  "Are those anything like forests?"

	"Yes."  Jagold nodded with a happy grin.  "Because we know all about forests!"

	"Hooooooo boy..."  Rainbow stared ahead with drooping ears.  "This is gonna be a tough one..."

	"Perhaps you can humor us, Rainbow Dash."  Jerrio flew down, staring at her with a curious smirk.  "Just what kind of a world exists beyond the greens?"

	"You mean none of you have seriously tried flying past it to find out?"  Rainbow grimaced.  "Don't tell me it's 'forbidden' or some crap."

	"Heh... hardly," Jerrio said.  "The winds are simply too chaotic for any pony to fly past them."

	Rainbow blinked.  "For real?"  She turned and squinted past her shoulders at the barely discernible edges of the Sky Stabs.  "Huh... must be from all of the rising thermals and stuff."

	"Plus, there's a lot of nasty cold stuff that slams into your face everytime you try it!" Rayvinne exclaimed.

	"What?"  Rainbow turned towards her.  "You mean like snow?"

	Rayvinne's eyes twitched.  "Snow...?"

	"Several ponies try and fly past the greens," Jerrio said.  "None have succeeded."

	"Oh?"

	"Every First Born tries it," Rayvinne said.  "It's something of a tradition.  Heehee... not to mention a pretty wicked stunt."  She turned towards Kitsune.  "Isn't that right, K?"

	Kitsune rolled her eyes.  "I certainly didn't enjoy the flu I battled with for a month afterwards."

	Rainbow winced.  "Yowch... talk about a rite of passage."

	"Heh, sometimes we get bored in the basin."

	"Jee..."  Rainbow pivoted her head to gawk at the jungles and ravines below.  "I can't imagine how..."

	"Sivrem almost made it through!" Smythe exclaimed.

	"I did not," Sivrem grumbled, his bone necklace rattling.

	"You totally did!"  Smythe chuckled.  "You were up there for half-a-day, zig-zagging through the currents—longer than any First Born on record!"

	"The Gray Feathers have been lazy with their bookkeeping as of late."

	"Hah hah hah... come onnnnnn, Sivrem!  Enough with the eggshells..."

	"There was a time when I felt it was my duty to pierce the winds beyond the greens," Sivrem said.  "That was years ago, and I've since taken on my duty as a First-Born."

	"You seem to be doing a pretty swell job of it," Rainbow said, glancing back at the Jury.  "My buddies tell me that you saved our ship from being smacked to bits by flying fish monsters."

	"The leatherbacks are a treasure of Durandana," Jerrio said, brow furrowed.  "We provide for them, and they provide for us."

	"In fact, this entire basin is a blessed treasure," Sivrem said, nodding.  "Once I grew old enough to re