ice how slick the walls and floors of this place are?”

    Josho slipped again, forcing Rainbow to steady him.  “It did occur to me,” he grumbled.

    “I’m guessing that most of the time the arctic air has layered the walls of this place with frost.”  The mare paused to run her hoof across a wall streaked with water droplets.  “But something’s causing that residual frost to melt!”

    Eagle Eye craned his head.  “Like a heat source?”

    “Yup yup!  And a doozy of one too!”  Props grinned brightly.  “And my Uncle Prowse sure does love to light a big fire!”

    “Heh…”  Josho smirked.  “I bet he does.”

    “So, lemme guess…”  Rainbow glanced over her shoulder.  “We find a heat source and follow it to the pony we’re looking for?”

    “Seems a safe bet to me!  And if that doesn’t work, I can try and triangulate the signal that’s being broadcasted from somewhere inside this ship!”

    “Well…”  Eagle Eye smirked.  “If you ask me, this doesn’t sound half as bad as it looked from the outside--”

    Crkkkk-k-k-k-k-k…

    Everypony froze as the ship groaned around them.  Droplets of water fell loose from the ceiling.  Josho’s glowing horn reflected off wavering bands of moisture in the distant edge of the corridor.

    Props gulped and stood closer to Eagle Eye, shivering.

    “Yeah, okay…”  Rainbow Dash nodded, her ruby eyes darting left and right.  “Let’s get this mission over with before the ship decides to fart us out.”

    “Nothing but poetry,” Josho droned.

    “Propsy, where do we go, girl?” Eagle asked.

    “Uhm…”  Props reached under her cloak and produced a metal instrument.  She tapped it a few times with her other hoof, then held it over her head, squinting.  After a few seconds, she smiled happily at the rest.  “Down!”

    “Unnngh…”  Josho shook his head and stumbled forward.  “I swear, if we run into any iceberg yettis down here, I’m tossing her at them first.”

    “Iceberg… yettis…?”  Eagle Eye blinked.

    “It’s called an imagination, kid.  You should try it sometime.”

    “I think that’s the last thing we need right now.”  Rainbow Dash motioned the other two to follow as she hovered after Josho.  “Let’s go, ponies.” She looked forward. “Stay frosty--”  Her eyes crossed.

    Eagle Eye groaned while Props giggled.

    “Yeah…”  Rainbow’s nostrils flared.  “Just forget I said anything.”

    The group followed the bobbing light of Josho’s horn into the frozen metal intestines of the derelict ship.

		//------------------------------//
		// Everypony Hates the Water Temple		//------------------------------//

	Crkkk-kkk-kkk!

	Eagle Eye winced, ducking his head slightly as he glanced forlornly at the rattling ceiling of a tight hallway.  Gulping, he adjusted his hoodie and shuffled along with his sword and shield levitating alongside.

	Ahead of him, Props, Rainbow Dash, and Josho traversed narrow chambers between cold leaning bulkheads.  The light from the two unicorns shone off of glossy metal surfaces, giving the claustrophobic interior an ethereal quality.

	"Have we figured out just who this ship belonged to yet?" Rainbow Dash spoke out loud.

	"Hmmm..."  Props rubbed her chin in thought.  "Quadruple bolted bulkheads.  Exposed mana conduits.  Reliance on leyline reinforcement coils instead of enchanted crystals."  She smirked.  "I'd say standard Alexian tech."

	"Alexian?" Rainbow repeated aloud.

	Eagle Eye's echoing voice spoke up.  "They're unicorns and earth ponies who hail from the far south."

	"I thought there was nothing but ocean south of us."

	"Er... south of Franzington, more or less."  Eagle Eye smiled nervously.  "Below Ledomare, the Continent breaks up into a bunch of seas and deep rivers that open up into the ocean.  Alexia is the closest archipelago to the mainland, and the equines there have mastered ship building and merchant trade.  They've been known to s