cognize that, I put away my more adventurous ideas and committed my life to honoring the Valkyrie's legacy."

	"Which is fitting," Jerrio said with a nod.  "Seeing as you'll be a Gray Feather before me."

	"Huh?"  Rainbow blinked.

	"You've only got two years left, Sivrem!"  Rayvinne said.  "That beats Jerrio by nearly four!  Heehee!"

	Jerrio sighed.  "Must you rub it in?"

	"So, you mean you guys become Gray Feathers someday?" Rainbow asked.

	Kitsune smiled.  "Only the First-Borns, such as Sivrem, Jerrio, and... erm... myself..."

	Rainbow squinted.  "How come you don't exactly sound too excited about that?"

	"Yes, well..."  Kitsune rolled her eyes and smirked.  "Gone will be the days of flying, homing, herding, and making love."

	"I'm down with at least two of those," Rainbow said, then gulped.  "Still, that kinda stinks.  Sorry to hear it."

	Everypony laughed loudly around the mare.

	"Are you kidding?"  Kitsune smiled.  "Being a Gray Feather means having the honor of maintaining the scrolls."  She stared up at the beam of light looming overhead.  "All of my life, I've admired the legacy of the Valkyrie.  It'll be an honor to serve her in a higher regard."

	"Well, guess that's a good thing then."  Rainbow bit her lip, then stared at the passing vegetation below.  "This 'Valkyrie' character is pretty big, huh?"

	"You really... really don't know who she is, do you?"  Jerrio remarked.

	Rainbow opened her mouth, hesitated, and eventually said.  "No."  She adjusted the weight of her saddlebag.  "But I'd be totally willing to learn."

	"The Gray Feathers would love to tell you all about it."

	Rainbow chuckled.  "Can't you guys tell me?"

	"Sure," Jagold said with a nod, then giggled.  "But not as well as the Gray Feathers can!"

	"Only know that she was the most awesome pony to have ever lived," Sivrem said in a proud tone.  "And she and her fellow warriors gave their lives to protect the Gold Lights and all the realms beyond."

	"You don't say..."  Rainbow took a deep breath and stared ahead of their flight.  "Sounds like a kick-flank tale for sure..."

	"But one thing at a time."  Rayvinne smirked.  "I swear, you are going to gust inside out once you see West D!"

	"Heh... can't wait..."
		//------------------------------//
		// The Tower of West Durandana		//------------------------------//

	Bellesmith stared off the bow of the Noble Jury, and she was smiling.  As the wind kicked at her short chestnut mane, she glanced at the various pegasi escorting the skystone ship, then trotted about and made her way into the cockpit.  There, Pilate, Eagle Eye, and Roarke stood behind Floydien.  Beyond the windshield, lusch jungles and misty treetops loomed.  Far ahead, the beacon of light pulsed with platinum brilliance.

	"It truly is a paradise," Bellesmith said, leaning in to nuzzle her mate.  "I truly wish you could see it for yourself, beloved."

	"Heh..."  Pilate smirked.  "From what I've heard and smelled, it's already shaping up to be quite lovely."  He turned his head towards her.  "And who's to say?  With the work you're doing on O.A.S.I.S., maybe I can see some of it soon."

	"Just a bunch of jungles and mist," Roarke grunted, forelimbs crossed.  Her lenses retracted beneath a furrowed brow.  "Nothing much worth seeing."

	"What's the matter, Roarke?"  Eagle Eye glanced back, smiling.  "You shudder at the sight of any landscape that hasn't been blasted to bits by manafire?"

	"If that is some thinly veiled reference to my ambivalence towards Foxtaur, you are misguided, Eagle Eye."

	The stallion giggled.

	Roarke's ears twitched.  "What is so humorous?  I was being sincere."

	"I know!"  He wiped his eye and smirked.  "And you didn't call me 'breeder.'"

	Roarke simply fidgeted where she stood.

	"If metal munching boomer has something to spit than she should spit it," Floydien blurted.

	The other ponies looked at Roarke.

	She groaned and said, "I'm simply wary of how swiftly Rainbow Dash has made herself available to the accomodations of these 