backward strangers."

	"I wouldn't exactly call them 'backwards,' Roarke," Bellesmith said.  "Misinformed, perhaps, but that's to be expected.  They've lived as an isolated society for Spark-knows how long.  That being said, they seem to be doing remarkably for themselves."

	"Am I the only one who's witnessed them pawing all over random members of the Jury?" Roarke remarked.

	"Erm..."  Eagle Eye bit his lip.  "They did seem rather fond of Props."  He gulped.  "And Ebon," he added hoarsely.

	"I think it's too early for us to make a passing judgment," Pilate said.  "Besides, from what I hear, the mares of Searo weren't exactly shy about personal space either."

	"That's a gross exaggeration," Roarke droned.

	"Yeah."  Eagle muttered aside.  "Usually you just killed everypony before you could so much as nuzzle them."

	Roarke ignored that, instead choosing to mutter, "I just don't like this."

	"What about this, exactly?" Belle asked.

	"Everything about it."  Roarke's lenses whirred as she stared fixedly out the windshield.  "Rainbow is letting her guard down way too easily."

	"What?"  Belle smiled.  "You think Rainbow has to headbutt and dropkick every culture she runs into in her travels?"

	"It's helped her a great deal."

	Belle chuckled.  "Oh Roarke... if only you knew Rainbow as much as I did."

	The metal mare twitched slightly, but was silent.

	Belle went on, "The bulk of her collective memories still swim in my head.  In Windthrow, Emeraldine, Silvadel—almost every kingdom or township she stumbled upon, she was always trading smiles and exchanging fist-bumps first.  Only because of dire circumstances did she ever pick up the habit of having to buck first and ask questions later."

	"You've almost exclusively witnessed her during her travels in Ledomare and Xona," Pilate said.  "It's easy to get the wrong impression.  If it weren't for Bellesmith's sequencing or our collectively shared exposure to our dear friend—we'd make that same assumption about her too."

	"That's not the crux of the issue," Roarke said.

	"Then what is?"  Eagle asked.

	"Rainbow has established herself as being responsible for not only this ship—but the fulfillment of her journey," Roarke explained.  "That being said, I think it's rather obvious to everypony that her thoughts still dwell on the home she left months and months ago."

	"And now that she's meeting pegasi who aren't zombified abominations for once, you think she's somehow..."  Belle raised an eyebrow.  "...waxing nostalgic?"

	"To her detriment, yes."

	"Hah hah hah!"  Eagle Eye slapped his knee and grinned at Roarke.  "You just can't stand to see Rainbow Dash happy, do you?"

	"Excuse me...?"

	"It must not compute with Roarke Most Rare!"

	"There is nothing wrong with her being happy," Roarke said.  With another sigh, she glared out the windshield.  "Being happy and dumb is another thing."

	"Roarke, she's with flying ponies," Belle said with a sweet grin.  "Flying ponies who don't want kill her... or any of us for that matter!"

	"Mrmmmf..."  Roarke's nostrils flared.  "That remains to be seen."

	"Metal boomer's spit is a glimmer too sour," Floydien mused.

	"Hmmm?"  Roarke's ears twitched.

	"How about that..."  Pilate smirked.  "It's a unique statement when Mr. Floydien calls out another pony on her paranoia."

	"I don't know about you, but I'd rather suffer a warrior's death in a place that's not a giant toilet overgrown with weeds," Roarke muttered, then shimmied down the crawlspace.  "If you'll be needing me—which I assume you won't—I'll be in the hangar, doing maintenance on Whiz—grrghhhhhhgraaaugh... on the Lounge transport."

	The cockpit lingered in silence after the departure of the metal mare.

	"What do you suppose has her so anxious?" Pilate remarked.

	"Perhaps these mist mists threaten to rust the boomer's braces," Floydien said.

	"No, I think it's something else," Belle said.

	"Like what?" Eagle asked.

	Belle blinked... then blinked again.  She bit her lip, wincing slig