htly.  "I'm... almost afraid to guess."

	Just then, Zaid and Props shimmed up, barely squeezing themselves into the cramped cockpit.

	"Guys!" Zaid exclaimed, then glance at Eagle.  "...and dolls!"

	"Hey!" Eagle pouted.

	"You'll never guess what's up ahead!" Zaid beamed.  He pointed to the base of the giant wooden tower.  "Kera saw it first through the observation room windows!"

	"What is it?" Belle asked, craning her neck.

	"Only the zaniest and sexiest of treehouses ever!" Props said, giggling.

	"Hrmmff..."  Floydien muttered as he slowed the forward motion of the Noble Jury, gazing at the array of structures below.  "Now that's a lot of twigspace.  Yes yes yes..."



	Rainbow Dash's eyes sparkled.  Before her, the air was buzzing with dozens if not hundreds of pegasi, several of them flying in packs, several more in lone, spiraling patterns.  Not a single one of them flew in a manner that wasn't remotely graceful.  Every curve of the wing and flick of the tail was done in nimble showmanship and joyful flair.  Many of the pegasi seemed too busy enjoying the thrill of the moment to even take notice of the strange, sky-colored pegasus being flown in by Sivrem's entourage, or the hulking skystone vessel puttering after them for that matter.

	Several whoops and eagle shrieks sounded off below the mare.  Rainbow looked down, and she instantly dazzled at numerous wooden domes built into the jungle canopy.  Wooden houses curled and twisted like beautiful nautilus shells, with windows and smokestacks bespeckling every curve.  There were no ladders or bridges or platforms or anything else to provide hoofed access between the structures.  A plentiful smattering of balconies and ledges dotted the buildings, and pegasi proceeded to leap off of these and carry their business to the far reaches of the forest.

	Towards the lower end of the wooden tower, along the part of the shaft where the vertical sections began extending, several round platforms had been constructed.  Crude wooden shacks and buildings populated these platforms, allowing for the semblance of a central "courtyard" that hugged the circumference of the structure.  Here, the bulk of the pegasi who weren't flying were located, along with several older equines whose wings weren't quite as strong as the athletic Durandanans who had met Rainbow Dash and her friends an hour ago.

	Rainbow Dash turned and waved a signal at the Noble Jury.  Floydien guided the ship to a stop, hovering several dozens of meters away from the Tower.  It was then that most of the locals had finally taken notice of the strange ship in their midst.  Dozens of pegasi spun playful circles around the ship, gliding by the portholes and cockpit windows as they stared in amazement.  Several chirps and shrill cries flew between them.

	In the meantime, Sivrem and his flock descended to the uppermost platform circling the tower.  Rainbow Dash swiftly followed suit, landing on the edge and marveling at the thick group of equines landing down and crowding around her.  At this location, the golden beacon of the tower above cast a dim platinum shine that brought a shiny gloss to every pegasus' coat.  At random points, Rainbow spotted dyed multi-colored manes.  However, it was getting harder and harder to see as more and more pegasi shuffled up.

	"Sivrem!" A mare said, trotting up with a group of winged equines, the bulk of them wearing charms, earrings, and earrings made out of bird bones.  "You've returned early!"

	"Mmmmm... that I have."  Sivrem leaned in and gave her a passionate kiss, their wings stretching forward until their feathers touched.  Then, without hesitation, he smiled and did the same to the stallion next to her.  After a shared chuckle, the three nuzzled as one, then took a step apart.  "You'll never guess who and what I found at First Light."  He turned and gestured towards the pegasus.  "Fellow ponies, I bring you Rainbow Dash!"

	Rainbow blinked.  She cleared her throat and coiled her wings tightly at the side before waving at the mass of gawking p