egasi.  "Hi there, sky guys.  How's it hoofin'?"

	"She says she's from beyond the greens," Sivrem said, his eyes bright.  His brow furrowed as he added in a raspy tone, "And she's brought friends with her!  Ponies... without feathers!"

	The entire crowd gasped.

	"No way!"

	"By Valkyrie's shout!"

	"No ponies live beyond the greens, First Born!  You know that!"

	"I only know what I can see!" Sivrem said.  "Feast your own eyes, if you can't be feathered to believe, gulls!"  He turned and pointed at the Noble Jury.  "Valkyrie silver!  It flies by its own Gold Sights!"

	"Whoah..."

	"Could it really be beyond the mists?"

	Jerrio cleared his throat.  "Please, Sivrem.  What Rainbow and her companions have is quite amazing, but there's no good to come out of attributing the Gold Lights to it."

	"Jerrio, don't tell us you haven't see what we've seen!" Rayvinne exclaimed.  She turned and grinned ecstatically at the crowd.  "Some of Rainbow's friends have horns that glow!  Like the Gold Lights!  And they can make fruit and other ponies float with their mind!"

	Murmurs and gasps echoed amongst the group.

	"And they have a large pony!" Jagold said, trembling slight.  "With br-branches coming out of his head!  And the branches shoot lightning!"

	More gasps, even as Smythe was stammering, "And a pony with shiny eyes who expresses her anger with Valkyrie silver!"

	"Heheh... come onnnnn..."  Rainbow chuckled, waving a hoof.  "Roarke isn't that bad—"

	"Sivrem, how do you know you and your feathered flock of gulls aren't making this all up?"  One from the crowd smirked.  "Eggshells, I say!"

	"Yeah!"  Another pointed at Rainbow.  "She's probably just some pretender from East D!  Look at her mane!  No First Born pony has ever pulled off a mane that amazing!"

	"That's because I'm willing to bet none of you ponies were born with this flickering piece of awesomeness!"  Rainbow Dash said with a smirk.  "Or given a wicked sick pendant to spread harmony with..."  She rubbed her hoof against her necklace, summoning a ruby glow that instantly stole the breath out of the crowd.  "Or..."  She kicked off the wooden platform and flapped her wings.  "...mastered the finest art of weather flying that only the schools in Cloudsdale could hope to come close to!"

	Then, holding her breath, Rainbow Dash zipped up to the neck of the tower, pivoted, and spun around the thing ten times in the span of five seconds.  Through sheer speed alone, she appeared as a solid streak of colors in the air.  When she came to a stop, a miniature clap of thunder echoed around her, flouncing her mane around a devilish grin.

	The pegasi immediately cheered and whooped with avian shrieks.  Several of them flew up and hovered around Rainbow, touching her mane, her tail, and staring up close at her pendant.

	"Valkyrie's shout!"

	"She's like the living sky!"

	"I've never seen a First-Born fly that fast!  Not even you, Sivrem!"

	"Alright, alright..."  Sivrem waved his hoof, chuckling.  "So she has skills... skills she may have learned from beyond the greens."  He smirked.  "But let's not smother our new friend.  Let's also be courteous to her, as our elders would want.  After all... for all of her marvels... she and her friends appear to be strangely ignorant of the Valkyrie."

	"Uhm... y-yeah..."  Rainbow gulped, sweating slightly.  "About that... uhm..."

	Woosh!  Jagold flew up and beamed in Rainbow's face.  "I know just what you're thinking!  And don't worry!"  She threw a hoof around Rainbow's shoulder and nuzzled her tightly.  "Heeheehee!  We'll teach you all about the Valkyrie!  Ohhhhhhh... what tale to share first?  The one where she defeats the wind ghosts?  The one where she stabs and bleeds the sky?"

	"Oh!"  Smythe spoke up.  "How about the one where she defeated the goat demon?"

	"Defeating a goat demon..."  Rainbow gulped, feeling the weight of the pendant around her throat.  "Sounds... pr-pretty awesome..."

	"Jagold..."  Kitsune spoke through a wry smirk.  "Sivrem said no smothering."

	