"Eeep!"  Jagold parted ways with Rainbow, hugging herself and blushing.  "My b-bad, First Born."

	"Heheh... no problem..."

	"Sivrem, I think we should go about bringing Rainbow Dash to Central," Jerrio said.  "The Gray Feathers would love to see her, and perhaps they'd be the best ones to explain to her the ways of the Valkyrie—"

	"Jerrio, you silly gull!"  Sivrem slapped the stallion's back and chuckled merrily.  "Why the hurry?  It's only First Light of a new day!  And if Rainbow and her friends are truly outsiders, then it's our place to give them the finest feathered welcome Durandana can afford!"  Sivrem turned and shrieked towards the skies.  Everypony hovering tightly around the Noble Jury turned down to glance at him.  "Brothers!  Sisters!  Fetch milk from the leatherback stables and fruit and meat from the storehouses!  We shall have a feast like there hasn't been held since the days the Valkyrie sliced her feathers across the Dawnlight!"

	Everypony cheered, immediately flying every which way.

	"Sivrem... but... that..."  Jerrio face-hoofed, sighing.

	Rainbow Dash leaned in, smiling.  "If it's any consolation, I feel ya."  She whispered, "I'm actually not all that hungry..."

	"Heh..."  Jeerio smirked tiredly at her.  "For what it's worth, thanks."

	"For what it's worth, you're welcome," she winked.  Jagold flew down and nuzzled her again.  "Duahhhhhhh!"
		//------------------------------//
		// A Feast For the Birds		//------------------------------//

	"Eat up, little one!" Rayvinne said, plopping a wooden bowl of dried insects onto the table before Kera.  "They were twitching as of ten minutes ago!"

	Kera gasped, her jaw hanging wide.  She tilted her tattooed face up, eyes sparkling.  "You mean... you guys actually catch and serve dragonflies here?"

	"Mmmhmmm!"  Rayvinne grinned.  "If the local fowl can eat them, then why can't ponies?"

	"This is officially the best... crater... ever!"  Kera practically shoved her muzzle into the bowl and began scarfing away.

	"Erm... n-not too fast, darling," Bellesmith said, patting Kera's shoulder.  "You don't want to get a... erm... thorax stuck in your throat."

	Rayvinne giggled.  She fluttered over and sat at the table across from Belle and Pilate.  The meal was being served inside a long wooden hall built atop one of the center platforms.  The curved wooden body of the tower ate into the interior's frame.  Dangling lanterns full of lightning bugs illuminated the rustic interior from above while the Noble Jurists and several Durandanans sat, ate, and chatted merrily.

	"You're quite protective of the filly," Rayvinne remarked.  "Are you an instructor?"

	"Hmmm?"  Belle looked up from where she was biting onto an apple.  She gulped the bits down and said, "You mean as in a teacher?"

	"Funny you should ask," Pilate spoke up with a proud smirk.  "She used to teach extensively as a professor back in Mountainfall."

	"Is that located in... Lead's Mare?"

	"Heh... Ledomare," Belle corrected.  "And my beloved gives me too much credit.  I was mostly performing science experiments with the goal of expanding Ledomaritan physics within the region.  I only occasionally taught other ponies on the side."

	"But never foals?" Rayvinne remarked.

	"At the time, I wouldn't have imagined it.  But these days, I'd say I'm rather fond of the idea."  She smiled at Kera.  "Kera, here, we found in a city called Blue Nova.  She was estranged from her original family, so we took her under our own wing... mmm... as it w-were.  We've been inseparable ever since."

	"I imagine a long voyage together creates a strong bond," Rayvinne said.

	"Oh, absolutely," Belle said with a nod.  She chuckled lightly.  "These days, I swear, more and more ponies make the assumption that we're mother and child.  I'm surprised you didn't do the same."

	Rayvinne cocked her head to the side.  "Mother...?"  She blinked, then giggled.  "We all only have one mother."

	Pilate's ears twitched.  "Do you mean that figuratively, or...?"

	"We owe our lives and 