our legacies to the Valkyrie," Rayvinne said.  She gestured with one hoof while grasping a wooden mug full of milk with another.  "She gave us both life and purpose.  Durandana—the staging ground of her righteous will—has been ours to protect, populate, and enjoy for as long as our feathers can carry us."

	"Just how many families live here, approximately?"  Pilate asked.

	"Mmmff..."  Rayvinne finished her sip of milk, swallowed, and said, "One, of course."

	"One family?" Pilate asked.

	"Yes.  Foaled from one mother—the Valkyrie—as I've stated before."

	"But then... then..."  Belle's eyes narrowed.  "You don't have a father and... a-and a mare whom you call you parents?"

	"Hehehe..."  Rayvinne's feather's twitched as she smiled.  "There was a mare to gave birth to me, of course.  What?  Did you think that all Durandanans believed they sprouted out of the tree branches?"  She slapped the tabletop and laughed.

	Pilate and Belle laughed weakly, squirming in their seats.

	"Ahem..."  Rayvinne tapped her chin.  "Hmmmm... her name is Ferlanna, I believe, and she lives somewhere in Central D.  I was her fifth-born... or sixth. Eh, whatever the case, I wasn't the First-Born, but it's just as well."  She smirked.  "I'm not giving up my flight and fun for scrolls anytime soon!"

	"And..."  Pilate leaned forward, his metal brow furrowed.  "...your father?"

	"Heh... how am I to know?"  Rayvinne shrugged.  "Could have been any one stallion... or any three, if some of the stories of Lower Central can be believed."  She leaned over and nudged another pegasus sitting next to her.  "Am I right?  Hee hee hee!"

	"Hah hah hah hah!"

	"Oh... uhm..."  Belle gulped, trying her best not to grimace.  "That's... uhm..."

	"Quite fascinating!" Pilate managed.

	"Braaaaaaaaaak!"  Kera belched, then grinned up at her foster parents with a gossamer wing or two sticking out of her muzzle.  "Isn't this place super?"

	Pilate reached over blindly and patted her mane.  "It's certainly taking my breath away..."

	Several seats away, another cluster of Jurists sat.  Ebon Mane was busy examining the bowls resting in his hooves.

	"The size of these melons is amazing!" Ebon exclaimed.

	"Heehee... Don't flatter them so hard, Ebony!" Props said between bites of cabbage.

	"And they're so ripe too!"  Ebon gawked at the others.  "You think that the remoteness of this location allows for larger fruit and produce?  I mean, it's not like the crater has too much ecological competition going on!"

	"I don't really give a crap," Josho said, his chin already battered in crumbs and juices.  "Mrmmmmf... if it goes down my throat and can come out the other end without killing me, then I'm good."

	"Oh, if only that was true of everything that was shoveled your way, old stallion," Zaid said.

	Props giggled.  "Good one!  High hoof!"

	"Give it to me, blondie!"  Zaid and Props slapped their hooves while Josho groaned.  "Now..."  Zaid glanced around, fidgeting.  "If I could just find some ketchup, for the love of Goddess..."

	"Seriously..."  Ebon cooed.  "A single basket of these things could feed the Jury for a month!"  He glanced aside with eyes sparkling.  "You think they'll let us take some with us?"

	"Heh... if they see how much it makes your day, Ebon, then I'm absolutely sure of it," Eagle said with a warm smile.

	"Erm... s-sorry..."  Ebon blushed, dropping the fruit back down into a larger bowl in the middle of the table.  "I guess I get too excited when it comes to foodstuffs."

	"Hey, nothing to be sorry for," Eagle said between bites of roasted poultry.  "Food and cooking food is your life blood."

	"Mmmm..." Ebon smiled, his cheeks slightly red.  "It's worked out for me so far."

	Eagle glanced down at Ebon's side of the table.  The stallion's plate was completely empty.  Eagle was about to say something, but he stopped himself.  He glanced nervously at the other Jurists around the table, but they were all too busy eating.

	Just then, Smythe flew in and sat down across from Eagle and