 the rest.  "Sorry I'm late," he said.  He leaned over towards the stallion beside his seat.  Both kissed on the lips, briefly brushing feathers before nuzzling each other and sitting straight before their plates.  "I had to check on the stables.  One of the young calves had gotten out and knocked over the storage containers."

	"Heh... ever Sivrem's errand colt, eh, Smythe?"

	"Yes, well..."  Smythe smirked wryly.  "He pays well..."

	"Hah hah!  I bet he does!"

	"Heh heh heh!"  The pegasi all nudged and patted each other before digging into their meals.

	Eagle stared at the stallions sitting across from him.

	"Eagle...?"

	The ex-mercenary barely blinked.

	"Eagle?"  Ebon leaned in, looking worried.  "Is everything alright?"

	"Hmmm?"  Ebon glanced at him.  "Oh, yes... I was just..."  Eagle sighed, his ears folding.  "I was just thinking..."

	"About what?"

	"When I first joined Crimson's company, I had hoped to make my father proud of me," Eagle said.  "But I eventually had to wake up to the truth.  He would never accept me for who I was..."  He gulped.  "And for who I chose to love."

	Ebon nodded quietly.  "I remember you telling me..."

	"So, when Rainbow Dash and her friends flew into my life, the Noble Jury became a means of escape."  Eagle exhaled out his nostrils.  "And the chance for a new life.  An opportunity to find a place where... well..."  He gazed down at his plate, picking at his food.  "A place where I could live as I was meant to and not feel like I was despised for it."

	"Oh..."  Ebon glanced at the amorous pegasi sitting across from them.  Chewing on his lip, he glanced aside.  "Well... m-maybe this is it, Eagle.  For all we know, maybe this is the sort of place you could call home."

	Eagle chuckled dryly... then chuckled some more.

	Ebon glanced at him, ears twitching.  "What's so funny?"

	"'Funny' isn't the word for it.  'Comforting,' perhaps."

	Ebon simply stared.

	Eagle smiled warmly at him.  "I haven't felt that need to 'find a home' in—like—forever.  I think it's because, for the last few months, I've felt truly happy... as if I finally had what I was looking for."

	"Heh..."  Ebon grinned.  "Good thing you stumbled upon the Jury, huh?"

	Eagle reached over and placed his hoof atop Ebon's.  "Who said anything about the Jury?"

	Ebon blinked.  He then smiled, his eyes misty.

	Eagle smiled back.  The two stallions leaned their muzzles together—

	"Ketchup!"  Zaid's forelimb bumped wildly past them, snatching a bowl from the table.  "Finally!  Thank you!"

	Ebon and Eagle wobbled on their bench, struggling not to fall to the wooden floor.  Both stallions sighed, then chuckled between themselves.

	Several seats away, Rainbow Dash watched as a bowl was slid right in front of her.

	"There you have it!"  Kitsune said before sitting down beside Sivrem and Jerrio.  All three First-Borns smiled across the table at Rainbow.  "Flying squirrel meat!  Spiced with pepper and honey roasted."  She winked.  "Just like we promised..."

	"Uhhhh..."  Rainbow's wings drooped as she leaned... leaned... leaned away from the meaty morsels.  "Whew..."  She glanced down the table.  "Praise Luna that Floydien decided to stay on board the ship along with Roarke."

	"Is something the matter?" Sivrem asked, eyebrow raised.

	"It's my fault for not giving you guys that big of a hint earlier, but..."  Rainbow gulped and slid the bowl towards them with a nervous smile.  "I'm what you would call... uhhh... an anti-meatatarian."

	Jerrio's brow furrowed.  "You don't eat the lesser creatures of the sky?"

	"Where I come from, pegasi consider all creatures to be equal," Rainbow said with a grin.  "We are sentinels of the land, sea, and air.  It's our job to look after nature.  So... to eat the flesh of animals is a total no-no, since it contradicts all of that."

	"How fascinating," Sivrem said, smiling.

	"Eh..."  Kitsune shrugged.  "Suit yourself."  She then thrust her muzzle into the bowl and scarfed down a heavy helping of rodent meat.

	R