ainbow tried not to throw up.  She shaded her right eye with a hoof and gazed away from Kitsune.  "I-I think I'll just stick to the greens," she said with a cracking voice.

	"All of your friends participate in eating meat," Sivrem said, pointing down the long table.  "And yet, you do not?"

	"Please, Sivrem," Jerrio droned, preparing his own plate.  "She's made her point.  Don't feather her about it."

	"Nah, it's okay," Rainbow said, clearing her throat.  "As I flew east across the world, it became obvious to me that several cultures like to do things their own way.  I'm just one pony from a land with its own rules, so why bug other ponies about stuff that doesn't click with me?"

	"Hmmm... if the world outside of Durandana is truly as vast as you make it seem, then it helps to have such openness of mind," Sivrem said.  "You undoubtedly have the soul of a traveler."

	"Yeah, well... y'know..."  Rainbow lazily plucked a head of broccoli from her plate and balanced it on her nose.  "I get around."

	"And what a fortuitous circumstance it was that brought you here," Sivrem said with a smirk.  "No doubt the Valkyrie willed it."

	Jerrio's eyes darted towards him.

	Rainbow thrust her muzzle up, flipped the piece of broccoli into the air, and scarfed it on the way down.  "Mrmmmmf..."  She gulped.  "No offense, but—like—isn't the Valkyrie dead?"

	"Ah, perhaps, but her spirit endures.  Her purpose and her command is embodied in all of us!"  Sivrem reached over and caressed Kitsune's mane.  "As well as her passion and joy."

	"Nnngh..."  Kitsune batted his hoof away.  "How many times do I gotta tell you?"  She gulped squirrel meat down and smirked devilishly.  "Not during a feast.  You'll only belch in my face!"

	"I do not—ulp—belch!"

	Kitsune and a few nearby pegasi laughed.

	Rainbow chuckled.  "I would... uh... like to know more about the Valkyrie."  She leaned forward, ruby eyes squinting.  "As well as the Gold Lights."

	"And I'd be happy to tell you—" Sivrem began.

	"I think..." Jerrio leaned in.  "...that would be something best related by the Gray Feathers in person."

	"You forget, Jerrio," Sivrem said, squinting mischievously at him.  "I am soon to be a Gray Feather myself."

	"And until that time comes, you're the best flier and leatherback herder in all of Durandana," Jerrio said in a stale voice.  "Best to leave the telling of the scrolls to our elders."

	Sivrem sighed.  "Ah... very well.  I suppose you'll next tell me that the Gray Feathers of Central would be best for this."

	"You know me too well, Sivrem," Jerrio said with a smirk.

	"Not as well as Jagold," Kitsune muttered, summoning a long-distance "Eeep!" from a blonde shape further down the table.

	Jerrio rolled his eyes.  "Yes, well, somepony's gotta keep an eye on tradition."

	"Will I be seeing the Gray Feathers this evening?" Rainbow asked.

	"I'm afraid not.  They have Last Light to attend to," Sivrem said.  "Besides, why the hurry?"  He pointed with a hoof.  "Tonight, you rest under the mist and stars of Durandana.  Tomorrow—before First Light—you can join me and my flock.  After taking care of the leatherbacks, we'll fly to Central tomorrow.  The Gray Feathers of the Middle Tower will be sure to tell you everything you seek."

	"Heh... that sounds pretty darn cool, actually."  Rainbow's wings fluttered.  "A day spent with the fastest pegasi this side of the world."  She gulped.  "The only pegasi this side of the world..."

	"I prefer the first," Kitsune said.

	"Yes, well, I prefer the second," Jerrio muttered.

	"And I prefer them all!"  Sivrem stood up.  "And everything!"  He raised a glass high.  "A toast!  To ponies inside and outside the realm of the Valkyrie!  May a swift wind carry us to love and the grave beyond!"

	Several pegasus voices cheered and whooped.

	"Gaaah!  Josho!  You spilled my ketchup!"

	"Jee... I am so very sorry..."
		//------------------------------//
		// Meet in the Briefing Room		//------------------------------//

	"And just what's going 