to happen once you get to this... Central Tower?" Ebon asked.  "I mean, aside from the Grand Tour—you think they're gonna try and preach their feathery religion to you or something?"

	"It's not a religion, really," Rainbow said as she paced across the Noble Jury's mess hall.  Through the portholes, starlight glittered across the misty sky of Durandana.  Torchlight dotted the trees from the many wooden houses and platforms where the pegasi were retiring for the night. "It's simply their way of life... their life-blood..."

	Ebon smirked.  "I stand by what I said."

	"Look, we gotta be careful with these guys," Rainbow said, spinning about.  "For their sake, I mean.  Sure, they're all rough and tough pegasi, but they've been living by themselves for so friggin' long that I'm a little bit freaked out about what the knowledge of the outside world could do to them."

	"That's very thoughtful of you, Rainbow," Pilate said.  "Not to mention an example of intelligent foresight.  But I think you could stand to give the psyche of these Durandanans more credit."

	"Especially since it's rather clear just what they believe in," Bellesmith said.

	Rainbow glanced at her.  "What do you mean by that?"

	Belle shrugged.  "Isn't it obvious?  All this speak of the 'Valkyrie' and this apparent worship of Sunlight..."

	"I get it, Belle," Rainbow said, nodding.  "They're totally descendants of Commander Hurricane's pegasi from ancient Equestria."

	"Seriously, though..."  Josho glanced up, brow furrowed.  "That's a bit of a friggin' stretch.  Do we really know that?"

	"The connections are simply too numerous," Pilate said.

	"And it's not like they're direct descendants of the pegasi who supposedly broke up Urohringr," Eagle Eye said.  "I mean... unless they're secretly ravenous zombies."

	"Maybe in bed they are," Zaid said.

	"Zaid..."  Belle sighed.

	"What?"  Zaid shrugged.  "Don't tell me that you of all ponies aren't the least bit shaken in your can-can about that!"

	Belle's ears folded.  "I do admit... I was stricken back by their lax views on affection, family, and... br-breeding."  She cleared her throat.  "But like Rainbow Dash said.  This is simply their way of life.  From what we can all tell, it's working out for them just fine."  She glanced up at the others.  "Who are we to judge another culture based solely on our differences?"

	"But we don't know their whole 'culture' yet," Josho remarked.  "Not at least until Rainbow Dash makes her trip to Central."

	"So you're all for her going, old stallion?" Eagle asked.

	"Hell, they seem to love her to death!" Josho exlaimed.  "Let her go to the middle tower and learn what she can from these... 'gray feathers.'  I'm sure Rainbow wouldn't mind stretching her wings a little... especially with those of her own kin."

	"They're not exactly 'my own kin,'" Rainbow said.

	"But you agree that they're probably descendants of Commander Hurricane!" Props said, blinking brightly.  "How kinnier can you get than that?"

	"Don't deny it, Rainbow," Eagle said with a smile.  "Today's the happiest any of us have seen you in a long time.  Even on our good days."

	"Did you get a chance to talk to Celestia about what you've found?" Pilate asked.

	Rainbow sighed, glancing towards the corner where the Sword of Solstice rested along with her saddlebag.  "No... There wasn't a moment all day when I was left alone.  These ponies are clinging to me like manure on velcro."

	"G-good manure, r-right?" Ebon smiled crookedly.

	"To be honest, I'm a little scared of telling Celestia of who and what I've found," Rainbow said.  "The idea of distant relatives of Equestria living thousands upon thousands of miles away?"  She grimaced.  "And in such isolation and... and ignorance too?"

	"But they're doing remarkably well for themselves, Rainbow," Belle said.  "And—aside from meat eating and an apparent lack of family structure—they appear to be embodying the concepts of Harmony.  I mean, just look at the paradise they've maintained in this crater after all