 these years!"

	"How'd they even get here anyways?" Props asked.  "Did Hurricane just swoop by this crater and drop them off?"

	"Doesn't seem like a general to do," Josho said.  "Also, wasn't Hurricane sworn to guard over the dark heart of Stratopolis with all of the devices at her disposal?"

	"You..."  Eagle trembled slightly.  "You d-don't think that the Durandanans went AWOL, do you?"

	"No..."  Rainbow shook her head.  "I don't believe that."

	"Don't believe it or don't want to?" Josho asked.

	Rainbow squinted at him.  "Wouldn't it be really silly for them to exalt this 'Valkyrie' persona while admitting that they screwed her over eons ago?"

	"It could possibly explain the adamance of their fealty," Pilate said.  "Guilt only gets stronger through the years.  Maybe they deem this crater as their 'prison.'"

	"Doubtful, beloved," Bellesmith spoke up.  "After all, what about the 'Gold Lights' that they're emphatic about guarding?"

	"I've got an even scratchier question!" Props said with a bounce.  "If they didn't ditch their posts and they weren't dropped off here on purpose—"

	"Like if they simply broke off from the rest of Stratopolis?" Zaid remarked.

	"—yeah!"  Props nodded.  "How could they have landed here?  It's not like Stratopolis was capable of splitting up..."  Her eyes darted amongst the other Jurists.  "Is it...?"

	"Maybe a piece broke off?" Eagle said.  "And then crash landed here?"

	"Yeah!"  Ebon nodded.  "It could explain the crater, right?"

	"Pffft.  If all of Stratopolis crash-landed here, then sure," Rainbow said.  "I dunno if you ponies have noticed, but it's a pretty dang big crater."

	"I don't think the local geography can be penned on a piece of Stratopolis," Pilate thought out loud, rubbing his chin.  "The nature of the impact is so great that I doubt any pegasi 'riding' the falling object would have survived the blast—or anything else in this landscape for that matter.  And yet, here and today, the place is lush with vegetation and animals.  If a piece of Stratopolis caused this impact, where did all the wildlife come from?  It surely wasn't on board the Sentinel, and it's not like the pegasi—who couldn't have survived the impact—planted the seeds all on their lonesome."

	"What are you thinking, Pilate?" Belle asked.

	"Quite simply that whatever caused this impact was incalculably long ago," the zebra said.  "In an age so far gone that it allowed this unique ecosystem to develop here in the interim.  I think the Durandanas are all outsiders—in that they stumbled upon this place just like we did, and due to the nature of the elements surrounding the crater, they've been stuck here, bound to a social system that they themselves had to construct in order to survive."

	"So, how and why did a bunch of Commander Hurricane's ponies end up in this crater of all places?" Rainbow asked.

	"Perhaps that's something you yourself can discover for all of our weary minds," Pilate said with a smile.  "After you've paid a visit to Central and—perhaps—witnessed these 'Gold Lights' for yourself."

	"And you can tell them all about their distant shiny Princess!" Props exclaimed.

	Everypony was silent.

	Props fidgeted.  "What?"

	"I... I don't know, Props..."  Rainbow winced.  "I think I better learn about all they've got to tell me before... uhm..."  She gulped.  "Before I tell them anything."

	"But they need to know, right?"  Props leaned forward.  "They need to know about their queens of alicorn hotness!"

	"I... really don't know if they need to know... at least not yet," Rainbow said.  "I wanna talk to Celestia about it.  Maybe I can slip a few words in the morning before First Light and when Sivrem arrives."

	"I'm sure speaking to her can only help, Rainbow," Belle said.  "We understand your concern.  We don't want anything to shake up the world that the Durandanans have established here."

	"Believe me, I wanna tell them everything about Equestria.  But..."  Rainbow fidgeted.  "What good is it gonna do, y'know?  I mean...