ail their mana-powered steamships all along the continental shore.  Where they're not exploring or trading, they're at least selling their ships to other cultures who need to use them."

	"So this may not have been run by... Alexians."

	"Certainly smells too good in here to be Alexian," Josho said in a dull tone.  "For all the time they spend around water, those bootstrapped freakazoids never bothered to bathe."

	"Yes, well..."  Eagle Eye shuddered.  "That's one reason we always fought for the Ledomaritans and not for the Alexians."

	"Yeesh."  Rainbow Dash winced.  "Was everyone on your continent going to war with someone?"

	"Made for a good economy," Josho said.  "Heck, all the explosions you started in Blue Nova has gotta give tons of ponies new jobs."

	"Jee... thanks..." Rainbow muttered with folded ears.

	"It's sad to think about," Props spoke aloud.  "Jasper, Ebony, and I had a lot of reasons to call Nightshade a 'meanie head,' but we never had any grudge against the hundreds upon thousands of ponies who worked for her."  She pouted.  "With her company going bye-bye now, how many of those employees are going to have trouble feeding the mouths of their beloveds?"

	"Well, Props, with the war over, maybe they'll consider something that doesn't involve the construction of weapons," Eagle Eye said.  "I can already see the Council of Ledo funding a major agricultural boom!"

	"If they're lucky, they'll just open borders with the northwest provinces and let ponies fill in a lot of that abandoned farmland," Josho said.  "Who cares if the plains are haunted by the spirits of the dead caribou who once lived there."

	"Hey, uh, not to sound like a heartless lame-o, but does it really matter?"  Rainbow Dash's jaw tightened.  "That place is friggin' behind us.  Let's just focus on what's ahead."

	Eagle Eye craned his head with a smirk.  "You've said that a bunch of times already, and yet here we are in the belly of a crashed sea vessel.  How does this count on 'focusing on what's ahead?'"

	Rainbow exhaled out her nostrils.  "Look, we're here for Props, okay?  I made her a promise that we'd look for her Uncle, so let's get it done."

	Props gasped, hopping excitedly.  "So you do remember!"

	"I always did," Rainbow muttered, wings flapping between the icy bulkheads.  "I just lost track of what was truly important for a while there."

	"Our... uhm... safety...?"

	"Let's start with 'happiness' and see if we can make the ends meet."

	"Shhhh!"  Josho hissed.

	"Wow, old stallion," Eagle spat.  "Way to be a buzz kill."

	"No!  I mean it!"  He raised a hoof while glaring at a corner of the hallway.  "Clam up!"

	Everypony came to a stop behind him, dead silent.

	Josho's eyes narrowed.  He gazed from left to right.  At some point, a slight clattering sound emanated from the bulkheads in front of them.  His ears twitched, and he turned to look back at Rainbow.

	Eagle and Props trembled.  Rainbow, in the meantime, nodded back and flapped her wings harder.  With the grace of a flying serpent, she slinked around Josho's shoulder, clung to the ceiling, and flew her way around the corner.

	Edging her way into the shadows, she flew for a few frozen seconds.  At last, hovering to a stop, she pulled the collar of her leather coat down and ran a hoof across her pendant.  A dim glow lit up the room, casting ruby beams across the walls.  Rainbow Dash found herself staring into what must have been an open storage compartment.  It was twice as wide as the Noble Jury's mess hall.  What's more, it was longer  How long—she couldn't say, the reason being that half of the chamber was submerged in water.

	It felt colder in the room, but it wasn't just the water's fault.  Gazing up, Rainbow saw that the ceiling of the chamber sloped up while the floor went down.  Exposed ice from the glacier pierced the bulkheads, and a fine mist hung over the waters.  From what she could judge, that portion of the ship had broken like a twig where it impacted the glacier, and the water had formed overtime fro