 they're so happy here.  They're perfect... perfect pegasi."  A weary smile, but then it faded.  "What good is it gonna do to let them know that they're really just long-lost birds estranged from a kingdom so far away it would take them forever to fly to by wing alone?"

	"Certainly a valid question," Pilate said.  "Not to mention a tough one.  I suggest you sleep on it."

	"Might I remind everypony that we're not exactly here to enjoy a vacation," Josho grunted.  "Isn't Chrysalis off in Val Roa somewhere, making life a living hell for innocent ponies?"

	"Without the aid of her brood," Ebon said.  "Remember?"

	Eagle Eye squirmed uncomfortably, silently.

	"Even still, we've got bigger fish to fry."  Josho turned to gaze at Rainbow.  "No offense, but we can't spend forever on the minnows."

	"I know.  I know."  Rainbow sighed.  "But I can't just ignore these ponies, especially if it's true that they're Equestrians at heart."  She paused, blinking.  "Say..."  She looked up.  "Anypony seen Roarke?"
		//------------------------------//
		// A Courageous Ambassador for Harmony		//------------------------------//

	Roarke slapped a panel shut in the side of the lounge sphere.  Wiping the sweat from her brow, she crawled out from underneath the hovering thing and stood along the side of the hangar.  Picking up a metal remote, she switched it on, summoning a low humming sound from the craft.

	The mare twisted a dial ever so slightly.

	The black sphere raised towards the ceiling on its own.

	Roarke stopped twisting, then turned the dial the other way.

	The sphere lowered until it was nearly touching the floor of the compartment.

	Roarke flipped a switch and pressed a lever forward and back.

	The sphere drifted back and forth in opposite directions, responding to the metal mare's remote control.

	A door squeaked open and Rainbow Dash trotted through.  "Having fun with Whizzball?"

	Roarke shook a bit, then exhaled heavily.  She slapped the remote and the humming died from inside the craft.  "You do realize that I have taken extraordinary care to rid myself of most of my violent tendencies."  She dropped the remote onto a metal crate and trotted past Rainbow.  "You and your friends certainly aren't helping when it comes to the transport that I'm so selflessly providing."

	"Girl, it's just a name."

	"And would you object if somepony called your prime matriarch 'Princess Sky Testicle?'"

	"I don't see how it's the same," Rainbow said.  "Lizards didn't build Celestia, and it's not like you can crawl inside her chest and fly the alicorn across a frozen ocean."

	"Then I'm glad that I shall never meet your kingdom's beloved ruler," Roarke droned as she trotted across the hangar to a workbench.  "She sounds incredibly unexciting."

	"Roarke, did an oak tree craw up your flank overnight?" Rainbow asked.  "I mean, a bigger oak tree than usual?"

	"If this is about my not being present at the feast that the Durandanans threw earlier, then you need not worry.  Much like Floydien, I am not the most adept at social functions."

	"Yeah... but the thing is—you've been trying lately.  Trying super hard."

	"Then perhaps I needed a rest," Roarke said.

	"You don't like these pegasi, do you?"

	"I did not say that."

	"Well, I can kinda read it in your actions."

	Roarke sighed, then glanced at Rainbow.  "I do not hate them."

	"That's not helping."

	"Odd.  I figured that in my case it said a lot."

	"Look, Roarke, I know these guys may appear freaky on the surface..."

	"That certainly goes without saying."

	"And, like Josho, you probably figure that we should be high-tailing it to Val Roa instead of sticking around here..."

	"Once again, you are adept at stating the obvious."

	"Look!"  Rainbow frowned.  "We're staying here."  She then gazed softly at the mare.  "Just for a little while, okay?  I have every reason to believe that these ponies—like—are long distant cousins of ancient Equestrians."

	"Kissing cousins, from what I've seen."

	"Huh?"

	"Nothin