g."

	Rainbow blinked.  She rolled her eyes and sighed.  "Look, I can't just ditch these ponies now that I know that they're here... now that I've seen what appears to be so many obvious connections.  Tomorrow, I'm flying with Sivrem's company to the Central Tower.  I hope to learn all I can from the Gray Feathers about this 'Valkyrie' and 'Gold Lights' business."

	"And if you find out everything that you've hypothesized..."  Roarke turned finally to stare at Rainbow Dash.  "What then?  Do you plan to adopt the entire civlization?"

	"Er..."

	"They can't all fit on the Jury, Rainbow."

	"H-huh?"

	"And even if you had the notion to escort them all around the plane so that they'd end up arriving in western Equestria years from now, they couldn't be expected to survive the trip across the Grand Choke.  By Searo's womb—you can't even be expected to survive such a trip."

	"I... that..."  Rainbow shook her confused head.  "I-I don't have such a notion!" Her voice cracked.  "What the heck's gotten into your head as of late?!"

	"A very good question we should all be asking ourselves."  Roarke fiddled with a few metal instruments.  "Isn't our business in Val Roa the one matter of prime importance?"

	"It's pretty high on my list, yeah..."

	"But not the top anymore?"

	"Roarke, I want to believe really hard that I'm on this journey for a reason.  A harmonic reason.  It seems like no small coincidence that we've stumbled upon this crater full of pegasi who worship sunlight, and here I've got a sword that can let me talk to the patron Alicorn of the Sun.  Commander Hurricane traveled far from Equestria, and—aside from saving the world from the threat of Stratopolis' black heart—it looks like she may have made even more of an impact.  If I can do something to bridge the gap between the past and the present, then that's not a chance that I would wish to ignore."

	"And does this involve me any?"

	"What?"  Rainbow blinked.  "No.  I mean... wh-why should it?"

	"Hmmmm..."  Roarke continued examining her tools.  "Then why are you even rambling to me about it?"

	"I... I..."  Rainbow shook her head, then groaned.  "I don't get you sometimes."  She turned tail, stomped out, and closed the door loudly behind.

	Roarke said nothing.  Only after a minute or two had passed did she bother to glance towards the doorframe with dull lenses.  She sighed out her nostrils and continued tinkering on her tools.



	The next morning, Rainbow Dash reclined on the hull of the Noble Jury.  Stifling a yawn, she smiled wearily at the sliver of dawnlight peaking over the eastern mists.

	"So, it might take a day... it might take several... but I aim to get to the bottom of this, Your Highness.  But, if you ask me, I think the truth is pretty obvious.  These are the descendants of Commander Hurricane's company.  How they broke off from the rest of the expedition and somehow managed to arrive here?  Well, that's what I aim to find out."

	"This is amazing, Rainbow Dash," Celestia's voice said.  "This is absolutely amazing!  For the first time since the tragedy caused by Discord, I find myself at a loss of words."

	"I'm pretty freaked out myself, Princess."  Rainbow smirked.  "But in a good way."

	"From the sound of things, you've been acting as an exemplary ambassador so far."

	"I can't help it.  I'm really digging this place.  I mean... heh... I'm not all that big on how they spit foals out and share huge beds—if ya know what I mean—but everything else about them is super awesome.  It's like... like..."  She sighed through a warm grin into the morning light.  "It's like being in Cloudsdale again."

	"I can sense it in your voice, Rainbow Dash."

	"Hmm?  Sense what?"

	"Happiness.  And warmth."

	Rainbow blinked.  "Aren't I normally, though?  I mean... like... I-I've got friends, y'know!  The Noble Jury's got my back!  They have for a while now!"

	Princess Celestia was silent for a while.  Then, at last, her voice wafted from the golden blade.  "This is different, Rainbow Dash.  I imag