ine you sense it too."

	Rainbow bit her lip.

	"Ponies—especially mortal ones—possess a unique resonance to their voice that changes throughout the various stages of their aging lives.  I've always valued your tenacity, courage, and unfailing loyalty.  But it goes without saying that a certain youthful vitality dwindled away once our dear friends had so tragically perished, and in front of you, no less."

	"Hrmmm... yeah..."

	"But hearing you now, and the exuberance with which you speak of these... remarkable Durandanans—it reminds me of the young pegasus whom I once had the honor to crown at the Best Young Fliers Competition."

	Rainbow's ears folded.  She glanced down at the jungle canopy and quiet wooden houses built within the branches.

	"How are your friends handling this encounter?"

	"Hmm?  Oh!  They're... uh... they're really digging it too.  For the most part, that is."

	"Oh?"

	"Well, it goes without saying: I think everypony on board the Jury is happy to be in a village where nopony is trying to kill us.  Heh.  But, that being said, a few are... a bit squirmy."

	"In what manner?"

	"It's hard to say, Your Highness.  I only hope that the crew doesn't think that I'm—y'know—being selfish."

	"Selfish?"

	"I wanna connect with these pegasi.  And I bet you want to as well.  So, as far as I'm concerned, I'm sticking around for their sake."  Rainbow gulped.  "But it could just as easily be the other way around."

	"If visiting these ponies is a blessing unto you, then I do not see why you must feel guilty, Rainbow Dash.  If you want my advice—then I say embrace this occasion.  Your heart can certainly use the merriment."

	"Yeah..."  Rainbow nodded.  Her lips slowly curved.  "Yeah, okay."

	Winged figures appeared along he horizon.

	"Whoops."  Rainbow kicked off the hull and hovered above the Jury.  "Looks like things are about to kick off."

	"I do hope you got enough sleep overnight.  It is rather early."

	"Heh.  Some things are just impossible, Your Highness."  Rainbow fidgeted in mid-air.  "Uhm... I-I'm going to leave the sword with the Jury."

	"Oh?"

	"Yeah.  I mean... if you wanna talk to any of best buds, then be my guest.  But for right now... well..."  Rainbow sighed.  "Let's just say that the next time I speak with you may be a moment when we'll have to make a pretty bold decision.  I'm not about to rush anything, ya feel me?"

	"I understand you perfectly, Rainbow.  Just remember:  do not underestimate yourself.  You have grown into a fine and courageous adventurer.  I've no doubt that you have what it takes to be Equestria's finest ambassador of harmony."

	Rainbow smirked, her eyes on Sivrem's company as they flew closer.  "Now if that don't friggin' beat all..."  And she sheathed the Sword of Solstice.


		//------------------------------//
		// Early Bird Gets the Dash		//------------------------------//

	Props yawned, stumbling up the steps of the Noble Jury's rear stairwell.  She paused to rub her puffy blue eyes with a forelimb, then ascended the rest of the way.  Before exiting onto the top deck, her knee bumped into a saddlebag.  Props heard a rattling noise.  Glancing down, she saw the Sword of Solstice.

	Fidgeting, she squinted out onto the top deck.  Sunlight glinted off the metal surfaces of the ship.  Amidst the bright sheen, the dark shadow of a tall stallion stood out.

	"I'm guessing Dashie went for her trip, huh?" Props murmured, stumbling tiredly outside.  The mists of morning tickled her ears and eyelashes.  "Hmmmff... so quiet.  So much for early birds, eh?  Heehee..."

	Silence.

	She blinked curiously.  "Zaidy Waidy?  Why so silent?  Did you finally gag on your tongue?"

	"Shhhh..."  Zaid held a hoof up without looking at her.  "Did you hear that?"

	She stood stock-still, mute.

	The stallion took a long, meditative breath.  "That's the sound of ponies not-killing-us."  He turned to grin at her.  "It's a pretty swell sound, ain't it?"

	Props smiled back.



	In the early dawn, dark shadows fro