m the eastern Sky Stabs swept their way across the jungle foliage.  All was mist and greenery as far as the eye could see.

	Then, out of the dead silence, several dark bodies surged, diving low over the treetops. With leathery wings spread, the leatherbacks made a living train towards some unseen destination towards the north end of the crater.

	They were not alone  In spiraling formations, over two dozen pegasi glided alongside the mammoth beasts.  They zig-zagged in and out of the creatures' path, tightening around their descent and gradually guiding them in a curved, northeasterly path.

	The pegasi whooped and whistled at each other, urging ponies to fill in empty spots and keep the pressure on the flocking creatures.  Every now and then, a leatherback would break away from the rest of the herd, only for two to four pegasi to expectly swoop down and force them back into the line.

	Sivrem smiled proudly at the task.  He glanced to his right, signaling to Jagold and Smythe.  The pegasi saluted back, dove to the head of the pack, and steered the largest of the leatherbacks towards a distant ravine.  Glancing to his left, Sivrem smirked at Rainbow Dash.

	Rainbow Dash grinned, her lungs inhaling and exhaling with excitement.  The mare's eyes darted all over the scene, attempting to take everything in about the speed operation.  Her ears flicked as she heard falconesqe shriekings.  She turned to see a pair of ponies diving down low and throwing their shoulders into the leathery wings of creatures, urging them back into the line.

	"If you're worried about them, don't be!" Sivrem shouted over the whipping winds.  Both pegasi took a sharp curve, following the herd through misty winds.  "They can take a beating!  Especially the bulls!"  He chuckled to himself.  "In fact, they get awfully bored without us giving them a good shove or two!"

	"Must be tough when all you can do is fly around and provide milk."

	"The average leatherback lives for about seven years!" Sivrem said.  "The way I see it, we give them plenty of exercise and excitement for the space of their lives!"

	"I'll say.  Does it do anything for the milk?"

	"Gets sweeter with each generation!" Sivrem said, smiling.  "There's nothing in the Gray Feathers' scrolls about these creatures.  I guess some things the Valkyrie couldn't anticipate..."

	"Right..."

	"But we apply her courage and tenacity in everything that we do!"  Sivrem paused to gestured at a few fellow fliers, who dove low to maintain the herd's formation as they approached the final stretch before a deep ravine.  "I've no doubt that she'd be proud of the symbiosis we've maintained here!"

	"Where I come from, pegasi are all about living with nature."  Rainbow smirked.  "Seems like you've got things pretty well-handled here."

	"Yes, well, the only challenge is getting it all done before First Light," Sivrem said.  "I like to start the day out awesomely!"

	"Heeheehee!"  Rainbow grinned wide.  "Who doesn't?"

	Jagold chirped from below.  Both ponies glanced down.

	The blonde mare exclaimed, "The lead bull's feisty today, First-Born!  We can't stop him from heading to the treetops!"

	"Right..."  Sivrem cracked the joints in his neck.  "Looks like a job for my feathers."

	"Pfffft..."  Rainbow smirked.  "Can't be that hard."

	"Oh yeah?  I'd like to see you try it yourself, Outsider," Sivrem said.

	"Hah!  That would be a laugh—" Rainbow's words cut off.

	Sivrem was smirking at her.

	She blinked, then grinned from ear to ear.  With one salute, she backflipped, plummeted, then flapped her wings hard.  With a clap of thunder, she rocketed ahead of the group, almost throwing several ponies off balance.

	"Whoah!" Smythe gawked, his eyes wide.  "What a gust!"

	"She'll run him into the greens!" Jagold's voice cracked.

	"Shhhh..."  Sivrem flew between the two ponies, squinting ahead.  "No she won't..."

	Rainbow Dash accelerated, approaching the rear of the headmost leatherback.  The enormous specimen was descending rapidly towards the treetops