 below.  As the air distorted between him and the approaching pegasus, the creature let loose a bass moan and thrashed its dangling tail.

	Rainbow held her breath, dodging frantically up and down to avoid the appendage.  After the last tail swipe, she corkscrewed around it, accelerated, and flew upside-down until she was belly-to-belly with the large cartiligenous specimen.  Wings spread, she pressed her fuzzy chest to the creature's, then shoved her body upwards with several heavy wing flaps.

	"Nnnnngh... grnnnngh..."  Rainbow seethed and sweated.  Despite her eager efforts, the two of them kept descending.  "Come on, you freaky space cow... fly up!"  Teeth grinding, she glanced left and right at the thing's rippling wings.  Then, with a bright gasp, Rainbow stumbled upon a wicked idea.  Clinging to the beast with one forelimb, she held on and bent her wings around, tickling its belly with the tips of her feathers.

	The creature shook all over, emitting a sporadic bass undulation.  Its wings went slack, giving Rainbow the opportunity that she needed.  With several feathery flaps, she pushed the two of them skyward, successfully lifting the bull back into the air, and aiming it towards the ravine ahead.

	"Hah!" Smythe exclaimed.  "I don't believe it!"

	Jagold giggled.  "Now why didn't I think of that before?"

	Sivrem smirked.  "Because she's one of a kind, that's why..."

	Rainbow flipped out from the line of creatures and glided northeasterly.  She glanced back, smirked, and saluted.

	Sivrem saluted back.  He shrieked into the air, and the group whistled back, gliding closer together as they urged the creatures down into the gaping canyon below.



	"A walk?" Pilate asked.

	"Yeah," Ebon said with a nod.  He glanced aside at Eagle Eye on the Noble Jury's top deck, then back at the couple.  "We figured there's no harm in it.  Might as well do something relaxing while Rainbow Dash is away."

	"Well, so long as the Durandanans don't mind," Bellesmith said with a shrug.  She glanced at the treehouses beyond the ship's edge.  Pegasi darted swiftly from branch to branch, going about their daily business.  "They don't exactly seem too territorial."

	Eagle Eye fought the urge to giggle.  "We'll be sure not to spread wing and fly into their airspace."

	"You know what I mean," Belle said, rolling her eyes.  "We'd join you, but I promised Pilate that I'd put the finishing touches on O.A.S.I.S."

	"Just as well, beloved."  Pilate leaned in to nuzzle her.  "I can't very well appreciate the sights if... well... I can't appreciate the sights."

	"Trust me, Pilate.  It will be well worth it."

	"Well, I wish you luck with that," Eagle Eye said with a wave.  He and Ebon wandered towards the hangar.  "It'd be a shame not to take advantage of the serenity while we have it."

	"Point well made, EE."

	As the two stallions made their way to the hangar, Roarke trotted out of the stairwell, tailed closely by Kera.

	"Awwwwwwwwwww..."  Kera pouted.  "Please, Roarke?  I never get to see you use your awesome tech!"

	"And there's a reason for that," Roarke droned, making a bee-line for the couple on deck.  "Pilate.  Bellesmith."  She came to a stop, her lenses retracting.  "I have come to inform you that I intend to take the Lounge Sphere for a flight.  My destination is the southern wall of the crater, where I intend to test my latest weapon upgrades in secret."  She cocked her head aside.  "Fear not.  I asked a pair of First-Born Durandanans yesterday afternoon as well as at dawn today, and they both gave me their blessing."

	Pilate tilted his ears towards Belle and the mare stared at the zebra.

	Roarke's brow furrowed.  "Is... something amiss?"

	"Er... n-no!  Not at all, Roarke!"  Belle said with a nervous smile.

	"That's very good of you to be so considerate," Pilate said.  "Not just to us, but to the Durandanans... erm..."

	Roarke stared at them.

	Belle cleared her throat.  "We're just... not used to you consulting us first."

	"Indeed.  Normally you just go and do your 