own thing without asking."

	"Well, I am not doing that now," Roarke grunted.

	"Right!  We c-can see that!"  Belle smiled nervously and waved her hoof.  "Go on!  You... er... have our blessing!"

	"Much appreciated."  Roarke nodded her head.  "I anticipate being back by sundown."  She turned tail and trotted back towards the stairwell.

	"Hmmmph..."  Kera squatted on her haunches, folding her forelimbs. "She won't let me come with her."

	"Well, she's going to be testing dangerous technology, Kera," Pilate said.

	"Yeah, but Roarke's a super-super professional!" Kera said.  "And it's not like I haven't been front row to dangerous stuff before and come out safe!"

	"It's not that, Kera..."  Belle sighed, smiling helplessly.  "She's just... well... she's Roarke.  If this was Rainbow Dash or Josho, then you'd know it'd be fine.  But you just gotta let the mare be herself..."

	At this point, Roarke had frozen at the stairwell, fidgeting.  She took a deep breath, her ears folding.  At last, she blurted, "You're going to need to pack a lunch."

	Kera glanced over, emerald eyes blinking.  "Huh?"

	Roarke swiveled about, deadpan.  "We will be gone for the better extent of the day.  You will inevitably become hungry."

	Kera's eyes twitched.  Her jaw dropped.  "You mean... you m-mean you'll let me go with you?!"

	Roarke grumbled, "I do not cater to redundant statements.  Make a decision—swiftly—before I change my mind."

	"Oooh!  Oooh!"  Kera hopped up, grinning at the Ledomaritan couple.  "Belle!  Pilate!  Can I?  Can I?  It'll be so sweet!"

	"Uhhhhh..."  Pilate fidgeted.

	"I assure you..."  Roarke shuffled towards the two, her lenses locked on them.  "She will be absolutely safe.  That is my sworn promise."  Her jaw clenched.  "Even safer than she would be on board the Noble Jury."

	Pilate tilted his head Belle's way.

	Belle exhaled slowly through a calm smile.  "And I have no doubt of that, Roarke."  She leaned down and nuzzled Kera.  "Go on ahead, darling."

	"Woohooo!"  Kera scampered past Roarke and glided down the stairwell.  "I'll make us both sandwiches!  Dragonfly sandwiches!"

	"And whatever Roarke tells you to do—follow her every word!"  Belle sighed, then smiled in Roarke's direction.  "This means a lot to her, Roarke.  I don't know how to thank you."

	"Just keep doing what you're doing."  Roarke turned and trotted towards the stairwell.

	"Erm..."  Belle blinked.  "And just what is that?"

	"Changing."  And Roarke was gone.
		//------------------------------//
		// A Taste of Serene Things		//------------------------------//

	"So, I've been thinking..."  Ebon stammered, hopping down from a ledge of earth and landing on an overturned tree trunk.  "Maybe when the pegasi landed in this part of the world, whatever brought them here somehow caused the crater, destroying a whole bunch of the vegetation and animals and stuff."  He continued descending down the craggy landscape, following Eagle Eye at a distance through the woods.  "So, they felt bad about it.  And—according to Rainbow, at least, pegasi are really keen on maintaining balance in nature.  So they probably took it upon themselves to stay in this crater and re-plant all of the damaged trees and nurture the animal species back to health."  He grunted as he landed on grassy earth and trotted up behind Eagle Eye.  "I mean, I know it's a bit of a stretch to believe that all of this lush jungle is the product of winged ponies doing horticulture, but given enough centuries or—heck—millennia—"

	"Shhhhhh!" Eagle insisted.

	Ebon jerked to a stop, blinking.  "What... what is it?"

	Eagle pointed forward.  "Just look."

	Ebon plopped down beside Eagle, squinting curiously.  Soon, his breath left him.

	Before them stretched a shallow pond beneath a tiny trickling waterfall.  Above was a cliff overhanging with vines and loose tree roots.  As the two stallions sat and stared, a flight of butterflies fluttered across the scene, their brilliant wings reflected by the immaculate surface of the pond.