

	"I... I-I've never seen them so large!" Ebon stammered.

	Eagle smiled.  "I don't think they have anything that preys on them.  So they can get as big as they want in this crater."

	"Huh?"

	"Crimson used to explain it to me.  With less predators, you have bigger herbivores and pollinators.  It's probably the same reason those so-called 'leatherbacks' are so huge and—"

	Ebon giggled.

	Eagle blinked curiously at him.

	"You don't have to explain it," Ebon said, straightening his mane.  "It's beautiful enough as it is to look at."  He exhaled.  "Thanks..."

	"Uh..."  Eagle smiled awkwardly.  "You're welcome?"  He shrugged.  "Not like I put the butterflies here."

	"Heeheehee..."

	Eagle raised an eyebrow.  "Now what?"

	"Oh, you know how to put butterflies somewhere, alright."

	Eagle chuckled.  "You sure are goofy when you're far from your kitchen."

	"Yeah.  But I like goofy."

	"No complaints here."

	Silence.

	Eagle felt a gentle weight against his shoulder.  He said nothing, stealthily bringing a forelimb up and wrapping it around Ebon's side as the stallion leaned into him.  A few breaths later, and Eagle leaned his cheek against the top of Ebon's mane as both gazed serenely into the placid scene.



	Rainbow Dash gazed down into the ravine from where she hovered.  She watched as leatherbacks flew from one end to the other, bellowing and groaning to one another.  Their booming voices echoed loudly across the steep walls of the enormous canyon, making the branches of the flanking trees flounce.

	Rainbow smirked.  As the leatherbacks she was watching retreated into deep tunnels and caverns, she spun towards the group of Durandanans. 

	"Wow.  Who'd a thunk it?  This place totally reminds me of Ghastly Gorge back at—"  She stopped in mid-sentence, blinking wide.

	Everypony was bowing down low, facing southeast with wings outstretched.  They both murmured as one: "The Towers Rise."

	Rainbow blinked.  She heard the loud clanking of wood and metal issuing over the treetops.  Glancing up, she saw a different tower than the day previous.  This one was thicker, bulkier, and had a stone frame at its summit.  Just like the tower she had seen before, its topmost piece was hollowed out with windows facing east and west.

	Nevertheless, as it lifted, Rainbow Dash swiftly dropped to the floor.  She glanced mutely at her companions, ultimately copying their body postures with a stretching-forth of her wings.

	Not long after, a beam of golden light flew into the tower, then arched overhead.  Rainbow looked up from her position to see the laser piercing the mists and shooting its way due west where—she figured—it would inevitably pierce the hollow of the tower she and the Jurists had seen the previous day.

	Just then, Sivrem and the rest of the ponies around Rainbow Dash chanted in a low voice: "We swear to secure and to protect the Gold Lights forever.  So promise the foals of the Valkyrie forever.  From First-Born to Last."

	"Erm..."  Rainbow gulped.  "'From First-Born to Last.'" She smiled nervously.

	Everyone stood up, catching their collective breaths.

	Sivrem turned around in time to see Rainbow Dash standing up along with them.  He raised an eyebrow.  "So, you feel as though you're one of us now?  To quote the sacred oath?"

	"Er... s-sorry..." Rainbow bit her lip.  "Guess I-I just felt like fitting in..."

	"Nothing to be sorry about," Jerrio said as he suddenly touched down alongside Kitsune, Rayvinne, and a smattering of other pegasi.  "Everypony dwells in the shadow of the Valkyrie's wings.  We're pleased that you would honor us."

	"Jerrio, you handsome scamp."  Sivrem smirked.  "Were you flying as the towers rose?"

	"Please."  Jerrio rolled his eyes.  "Don't think as if you can catch me being direspectful."  He gestured.  "We were a few trees away.  We heard your flock chanting too, so we gusted this way."

	"You actually herded all of the leathernecks into the ravine already?" Kirstune exclaimed, trotting up to the edge of the ravin