e and staring down in surprise.  "That's amazing..."

	"Well, we had help!"  Smythe exclaimed, smiling wide.  "Rainbow showed some true gust!"

	"She's no gull!" Jagold said, giggling.

	"Mmmmm..."  Rayvinne trotted right by Rainbow, brushing her side with a few of her feathers.  "I could have told you that."

	"Eh heh heh heh..."  Rainbow blushed and took a firm step away from Rayvine. "Ahem."  She slicked her mane back and said, "I just contributed what I could.  Can't let you guys do all the work."

	"You sure you're not one of us?" Jagold remarked, blinking.  "I can't help but think that all of this 'outsider' stuff is made up."

	"Yes, because Rainbow was able to make the floating Valkyrie Silver appear out of nowhere," Jerrio groaned.

	"Now now, let's not get too feathered over what Rainbow and her companions have plainly explained to us," Kitsune said.  "She's our guest, and if she wants to learn more about us, what better a way than to be one of us?"

	Jagold giggled and did a little cheer, backflipping through the air.

	"Uhhh..."  Rainbow raised her hoof.  "Question."

	"What's up?" Smythe glanced her way.

	Rainbow pointed at the enormous tower stretching southeast of them.  "Why'd you face that while giving the oath today?"  She pivoted west.  "Yesterday, you faced that tower."

	"It's simple," Kitsune said with a smile.  "It's whichever tower is closest to us when they rise."

	"Ah.  So, that is—"

	"Central D," Rayvinne said.  She smirked.  "Where our smartest and most dedicated Gray Feathers live."

	"Also the best place to be the opposite of smart and dedicated..."  Smythe nudged Jerrio's side.  "Am I right?"

	Jerrio sighed through a weak smile.  "We are most certainly not taking Rainbow Dash to the feather lounge.  She's here to fill her mind, not her other organs."

	"Maybe you're not taking her, Mr. 'I-can't-wait-to-be-a-boring-and-stale-Gray-Feather.'  But what about the rest of us who aren't First-Born?"

	While the pegasi around the group collectively laughed, Rainbow spoke up:  "Not that it... doesn't sound awesome."  She cleared her throat.  "I gotta take Jerrio's side on this one.  I really wanna know more about what makes you guys tick."

	"Like what?" Kitsune asked, staring straight at Rainbow.

	Rainbow blinked.  She fidgeted.  "Oh.  Well.  Uhm..." She gestured up at the beam of light shooting out of the enormous tower.  "What do you suppose is so big about the Light from Above?"

	Jerrio did a double-take.  He opened his mouth—

	"Allow me, friend..."  Sivrem said, stepping forward with a smirk.  "Your passion will only make your muzzle explode."

	"Nnnnngh..."  Jerrio folded his forelimbs and frowned.  Pegasi chuckled.

	"The Sun is what gives Durandana its strength," Sivrem explained, staring firmly at Rainbow Dash as he trotted around her.  "It renews life and accelerates the motion of the elements.  Without it, we couldn't exist.  The Valkyrie knew this... which is why she dedicated her life to serving the Sun's glory."

	"Yeah... fancy that..."  Rainbow nodded, fumbling with her mane as she said, "You ever think that—just maybe—there was a reason why she was so big on the Sun?"

	"Why wouldn't she be?" Rayvinne asked.  "She saw its glory up close in the days before the foundation of Durandana."

	"Yeah, but... like..."  Rainbow bit her lip, finally blurting, "What if she knew the pony who was responsible for the Sun?"

	Smythe and Jagold blinked stupidly at one another.

	"Would you mind repeating that?" Kitsune said with a confused expression.

	"She doesn't have to," Jerrio droned.  "I heard her the first time."  Clearing his throat, the First-Born trotted until he could look at Rainbow dead-on.  "The Light From Above is a force and nothing else.  The same as the Gold Lights.  The scrolls maintain this."

	"Yes, but—"

	"Being an outsider from Durandana, it can be understood that you wouldn't grasp this," Jerrio continued.  "But that's fine.  When you visit the Gray Feathers of Central, they'll most certainly b