e able and willing to educate you on the full history of the Valkyrie and her sworn devotion to the Sun."

	"Oh... t-totally..."  Rainbow sat back with folded ears.  "She certainly sounds like a loyal p-pony..."

	"Our Mother couldn't have been anything less," Jerrio said, smiling.  "The Sun enriched her life, and the essence of that blessing has made its way through the fiber of our very being.  We all owe it to her for preserving the glory until the end of her days."

	"Plus, it's pretty snazzy being alive."  Jagold rolled over Smythe's body and leaned in to nuzzle his neck.  "Mmmmm—isn't that right, Smythe?"

	"Heheheheh... your damn right."

	"Enough talk!"  Sivrem extended his wings.  "We've got some time to kill before the hour we told the elders that we would arrive in Central!"  He grinned devilishly.  "Perhaps we can show Rainbow here what we Durandanans are truly made of—"

	"Oh, no.  Please."  Rainbow nervously shook her hooves.  "Really.  I'm not that kind of—"

	"Who thinks that they can outrace me?!"  Sivrem said, hovering upwards.

	"Oh... whew..."  Rainbow exhaled, smiling dumbly.  "Yeah, that sounds like fun."

	"Hah!  Please, Sivrem," Kitsune said, chuckling as she hovered up alongside him.  "Don't even pretend to be unfair to an outsider.  She's still got the feathers of a gull.  You can clearly see that."

	Rainbow looked up.  Slowly, wickedly, she grinned.  Woosh!  In a blink, she was hovering in front of Sivrem and Kitsune, making the pegasi below gasp.  "You're just afraid."  She winked.  "Afraid to have your tail whooped by an ordinary outsider."

	"Rainbow, you're the only outsider," Kitsune said.  "Nothing ordinary about it."

	"Or extraordinary!" Sivrem said, smirking around at the crowd below.  "I bet she couldn't outfly a mosquito!"  Several ponies laughed.

	"You wanna put your ego where your eggshells are?" Rainbow said.

	Several ponies whooped and chirped.

	Sivrem turned, gawking at the mare.  "You're certainly not asking me to go easy on you..."

	"Then how about I agree not to be easy on you?"  Rainbow smirked.  "I'll race you.  But not just you—you and all the buddies you choose!"

	"Hmmm..."  Sivrem tapped his chin, smirking.  "Sounds doable.  How about from Central to West D and back?"

	"Pfffft.  What am I, a foal?"  Rainbow rolled her eyes.  "I flew with you guys this morning to get the full Durandanan treatment."  She folded her forelimbs, smirking.  "So... show me what you've got."

	Jerrio glanced up at Sivrem.

	Sivrem squinted, then cracked a grin.  "Very well."  His voice rose as he hovered above the crowd.  "I think Rainbow Dash here could use the traditional Rite of Gusting!"

	The air filled with bird-like shrieks and whistles.

	Rainbow glanced all around, curious.

	"But, I assure you..."  Sivrem chuckled deeply.  "It certainly isn't easy."

	"Where I come from, I used 'easy' as an outhouse."  Rainbow spat.  "Bring it on."

	"Very well.  Let's see how well your wings work..."  Sivrem pointed towards the massive canyon below.  "...with very little wind."

	Jagold gulped.  Smythe leaned forward while Rayvinne trembled ever so slightly.

	Rainbow peered into the deep ravine, and she smiled.  "Now we're talking..."
		//------------------------------//
		// On Your Mark, Get Set...		//------------------------------//

	"You may wish to reconsider this, outsider," Sivrem said, clearing his throat.  "The Raked Ravine is a treacherous pass even for the most expert ponies who live here and—"

	"Pffft!  Stop being such a pigeon, Sivrem!"  Kitsune shot past him and skidded to a stop at the edge of the ravine.  Her nostrils flared as she dragged a hooff across the stone ground and smirked into the gaping canyon.  "She wants to prove herself, huh?  Well, we can prove ourselves as well!  I say bring it on!"

	"Heehee!"  Jagold giggled and flew down by the First-Born's side.  "Yeah!  Let's show her how real Durandanans gust!"

	"Count me in," Smythe said, landing down beside the other two.  "You want in on this, Ray