m where the ancient ice had melted from friction.

	Hoofsteps echoed behind her as the rest of the group trotted to a stop behind Rainbow.

	"Sinking squirrelsicles!" Props exclaimed.  "This ship sure took a dip!"

	"I'm guessing all the water came from the glacier," Josho remarked.

	"I thought the ice was too old to just melt," Eagle Eye said.

	Props shrugged.  "Could be that exposed manaconduits caught fire and provided enough heat to allow a slow burn."

	"That would explain the burn marks along the shattered bulkheads," Rainbow said.  Biting her lip, she levitated down and pressed the tip of her hoof into the waters.  "Hssssss!"  She hovered back up, shaking her forelimb as if she had burned it.  "Luna poop!  I think I grew new nipples from just touching th-that!"

	"Why would you even do that?" Eagle asked.

	Josho pointed.  "That's why."

	Eagle and Props craned their necks to see.  Their muzzles hung agape.

	A dim orange glow emanated from the submerged end of the sunken chamber.  There was a light source from beyond the broken part of the ship.

	"Is... is it a fire?" Props remarked.

	"I feel bad for not seeing it first," Eagle Eye stammered.

	"Yeah, well, nopony's perfect, princess," Josho said.  He turned towards Rainbow Dash.  "Whoever's alive on board this ship, they're probably camped on the other side.  If I know a crap or two about Alexian vessels, we've just trotted the bulk of it.  That end is smaller and likely more insulated."

	"Seems like a good place for survivors to last a while," Rainbow said with a nod.  "I wonder if any magical devices could operate from inside?"

	"What for?"

	Rainbow turned towards Props.  "How's the signal?"

	The goggled mare held up the instrument in question.  After half a minute, she flashed Rainbow a bright-eyed look.  "Could from anywhere.  Which probably means..."

	"Right under our noses," Rainbow Dash said with a nod. She turned back to the waters.  "There's gotta be a way to get over there."

	"All the other passageways are blocked up by ice," Props said.  "We all saw it on the way here."

	"We could go outside the ship again," Josho said.  "See if there's another way to enter the vessel from the far side."

	"Nah... All of that is under the iceberg's surface," Rainbow said.  "The way we entered is the only way to do it."

	"What if we got one of Floydien's or Roarke's tools from the hangar and tried to burn a hole into the far side of the ship's hull?" Eagle Eye asked.

	Crkkk-kkkk!

	Everypony fidgeted nervously as ripples of water ran across the disturbed pool.

	"Couldn't have said it better myself," Rainbow Dash said, starting to strip of her coat.  "The longer we take to get to the far side of the ship, there's not going to be any ship."

	"Uhhh..." Eagle Eye squinted.  "What are you doing?"  He jolted as Rainbow's coat was thrown into his telekinetic field.

	"What does it look like?"  Rainbow Dash cracked the joints in her neck.  "The next step is simple.  I'm gonna swim in there and check what's on the other side."

	"Pffft... Your funeral, color wheel," Josho said.

	"Are you out of your pony mind?!" Eagle Eye gasped.  "That's freezing water!  You'll become a winged popsicle!"

	"You obviously weren't born in a floating cloud city."  Rainbow Dash smirked at him in the unicorns' light. "I can handle cold.  I'm 'cool' all the time for a reason, y'know."

	"Rainbow, this isn't a joke!  You could freeze to death!"

	"It doesn't look that far of a swim," Rainbow said.  "Besides, looks like they got a fire on the other side.  I should be fine."

	"At least let one of us come with you!" Eagle Eye said.  "You shouldn't have to go alone!"

	"Look, I'll give you guys a signal."  Rainbow nodded towards Josho.  "You bring the sound stones?"

	Josho nodded and slipped one from out of his jacket.

	Rainbow grabbed it in the crook of her hoof.  "I'll fill you guys in on what I find.  If I need help, then one of you can come over.  Feel free to spend the next minute or two deciding who gets to b