ng Rainbow to glance over.  "But you can't possibly be that good."

	"What do you mean, girl?"

	"Sivrem's the best there is," Rayvinne said.  "And Kitsune's nothing to shake a stick at either."

	"Hmmm..."  Rainbow smiled, her eyes thin.  "You just watch carefully."  Her eyes wandered to the group as a whole.  "And promise not to get too freaked out."

	"Freaked out?"  Rayvinne blinked.  "By what?"

	Rainbow saluted, turning her flank to the ravine.  "You'll know when you see it.  Heh."

	"...eighteen one thousand... nineteen one thousand... twenty!"  Jerrio signaled.

	"Zoop."  Rainbow backflipped, plunged, and rocketed eastward through the canyon.  She accelerated, her mighty wings producing a vaporous burst of air that rocketed up and out of the canyon, sending leaves and pebbles of earth flying sky high.

	Jerrio had to steady himself, wincing.

	Rayvinne stumbled, breathless.  "...whoah."
		//------------------------------//
		// This Little Rainbow of Mine		//------------------------------//

	With a cool hiss, the Lounge sphere lowered to the forest floor.  Above it, the towering clifface of the crater's southern wall loomed as a virtual wall of craggy granite.  As soon as the doors to the black aircraft slid open, Kera came bounding out.  She galloped giddily across the soil and grass, leaping in jubilant intervals.

	"Woohooo!  We get to blow stuff up!  We get to blow stuff up!"

	"Not so fast, Kera," Roarke uttered as she stepped out of the vehicle, dragging a metal crate full of tools and explosives along with her.  "Don't go where I can't see you."

	"I can't help it!"  She leapt with a burst of filly magic and skidded to a stop in front of Roarke.  Roarke calmly shoved a hoof forward and stopped the foal before she could slam into the crate of items.  "Explosions are always so fun!" she exclaimed, hopping up and down in place.  "It means loud noises and fire and stuff!"

	"This is simply a test of my latest weaponry," Roarke said.  "You will remain behind me at all times and do exactly as I tell you."

	"And then we'll have wicked big explosions, huh?"  Kera grinned wide.

	"I am testing my weaponry's efficiency," the metal mare droned.  "Not their explosiveness."

	"Awwwwwwwwwwwwwww..."  Kera fwumped down to the earth, propping a pouting chin atop two forelimbs.  "But exploding stuff is fun!"

	"But not entirely efficient."  Roarke stood Kera up and trotted past her, setting up the first of many miniature turrets.  "Not only have I made a promise to Bellesmith and Pilate to keep you safe, but I have committed myself to not upsetting the environment of this crater.  That's why I've chosen to use this rock wall along the southern edge of Durandana for our testing."

	"Huh...?"

	"It's simple, child," Roarke muttered, joining metal pieces together.  "The nature in this crater is extremely fragile, making for a delicate balance.  The last thing anypony should do is impulsively throw herself into it with no regard for the consequences."



	"Wooooo-hoooooooooooooooo!"  Rainbow hollered, grinning against the beating winds as she plummeted into the treacherous canyon.  She spun a few final times, then angled her wings so that they sliced viciously against the wind.

	Below her—as her vision settled on an even plane—Rainbow spotted the tell-tail flicker of Smythe's green tail and mane.  Not wasting any time, she hurled herself past the craggy rock walls blurring on either side of her and threaded her way even deeper into the belly of the ravine.  She was within spitting distance of the stallion.

	"Hey!  Smythe!"  She sputtered, giving his flank a light swat.  "Look behind you!"

	"Huh?!"  The pegasus gasped and threw a look over his shoulder.  "What is it?"

	"Nothing!  That's what!"  Rainbow saluted with her tongue sticking out.  "You're last, buckwiser!"

	"H-Huh?!"  Smythe glanced at her and nearly stalled in mid-air.  He convulsed from muzzle to tail.  "Valkyrie's shout!  How in the heck did you do that?!"

	"Watch and find out!"  Rainbow took a deep b