reath.  "Better yet, you can feel it!"  With a grunt, she flapped her wings hard, propelling herself violently forward while simultaneously sending a huge gust behind.

	"Whoah!"  Smythe wobbled left and right, but gathered his wits.  "Hah... hah hah hah!  No way!"  He grinned crazily at her.

	Rainbow didn't linger around.  As a bend came in the ravine, she fearlessly threw herself past a narrow cleft of rocks, her gaze locked on the bright flash of Jagold's gold mane ahead.  Rather than coast along the shallow air currents, she flipped her body several times, planting her hooves on one rock wall and then the opposite one, kicking off so that her figure was launched jaggedly through the tight corner and into the natural straightaway beyond.

	Here, the ravine walls were line with a porous array of caverns and tunnel entrances.  Various leatherbacks rested inside these coves, several of the winged creatures sunbathing as the dawnlight wafted into the dusty ravine.  As Rainbow rocketed furiously into view with a vibrant flash of color, several of the calves quivered and bleated.

	This caught Jagold's attention.  Blinking, she glanced behind her.  "Eeeep!" She flinched, her whole body curling away from the incoming pegasus missile.

	"Ha!"  Rainbow curled around the mare, grasped her hooves with hers, and spun the two of them around in a silly mid-air dance.  "Tag!  You're fourth!."  With a wink, Rainbow flapped her wings and flew ahead, facing backwards.

	Jagold hovered in place, jaw dropped.  "How... how did she—?"

	"No excuse to be slower!" Smythe yelped as she soared past.

	"Hey!  No fair!"  Jagold stammered, beating her wings frantically to regain her momentum as she chased the stallion.  "She said I was fourth!"

	Up ahead, the ravine narrowed again, morphing into a long thin trench with uneven walls that closed in and drew away at random intervals.  Sivrem and Kitsune had this particular stretch memorized, and they flitted up and down and left and right with perfect timing to avoid grinding to a stop against the rocky surfaces.

	Rainbow Dash squinted at the scenario up ahead.  She smirked to herself.  Without declerating, she held her breath and dipped low, threading her body through a long horizontal slit wedged into the base of the trench.  Twiling upside down, she flattened her body and outstretched her wings.  Rainbow faced straight up, and her eyes bore witness to a kaleidoscope of sun flashes as she narrowly traversed the lower end of the geological corridor.

	While Sivrem and Kitsune were bobbing and weaving to make their way through the passage, Rainbow simply glided it out.  Thus, she had more than caught up with them by the time the ravine widened once more into the final stretch.

	"'Sup, dudes?" Rainbow ascended with an innocent smile.

	Kitsune glanced breathlessly aside.  Her bright amber eyes bulged.  "Eggshells!  How did you catch up so fast?"

	"I flew!"  Rainbow saluted.  "What did you do?"

	"No way..."  Kitsune shook her head, gawking at Sivrem in mid-flight.  "She cheated.  She has to have!"

	"Heh heh heh heh..."  Sivrem only smirked and beat his wings harder.  "Let's see her out-cheat this!"  He soared ahead so hard that it knocked Kitsune off-balance.

	"Sivremmmm!" she protested.

	"You might wanna hang onto something," Rainbow said, then held her breath.

	"Huh?  What for—?" Rainbow thundered forward in a blinking, causing Kitsune to reel off course.  The mare ultimately teetered to the side and grasped onto an exposed tree root hanging off the canyon walls.  Dangling, Kitsune stared breathlessly at the two pegasi at the front of the race, streaking forward to the ravine's end.

	"Wooohooo!"  Jagold and Smythe soared past the First-Born.  "Yaaaay!  Fourth again!  Just like she said!"

	"H-hey!"  Kitsune protested.  With a smirk, she kicked off the canyon wall and glided after the rest.

	Up ahead, Rainbow Dash and Sivrem were neck and neck.  The wind tore at their eyes, turned their manes into multi-colored comet streaks.  A shrill whist