ling noise echoed between them, and a few feathers flew loose from their outstretched wings with each passing second.

	"You're good, outsider..."  Sivrem stammered and panted.  "But you can't beat a First Born like me..."

	"That's just the thing..."  Rainbow hissed through gritting teeth.  "Beating you is a bonus.  What I really wanna do is leave you and your friends' breathless."

	"Huh?"  He jerked his gaze towards her.

	She looked aside, smiling tightly against the winds.  "Just watch.  And promise not to freak out too much."

	"Hah!  What are you planning now, Rainbow?"

	"Figured I'd live up to my name."  She winked.  "Here's to the Valkyrie, pal."  There was a flicker to her eyes, a mixture of blood and gold.  Her pendant strobed—almost as if it was pulling her ahead.  A cone of compressed air formed around her body, turning her figure into a sky-splitting projectile.

	"Ohhhhhhhhhh buck..."  Sivrem didn't realize he was slowing down until he spotted the canyon walls on either side of him oozing to a stand-still.

	Breathless, the other three racers came up from behind.

	"Sivrem!  First-Born!"  Smythe huffed and puffed.  "I don't ge it!  Why did you throw the race—?"

	KAPOWWWWWWW!

	All four cringed, crowding together as they were bathed in a prismatic aura of reflective colors.

	"Oh..."  Jagold murmured, clinging to Kitsune.  "Th-that's why..."

	"Leaping leatherbacks..."  Smythe stammered, his eyes trailing up as he followed the perfect ring of spectral energy fountaining outward from Rainbow's ascending figure.  "So much color..."

	"Sivrem..."  Kitsune gulped dryly.  "Have you seen anything like it?"

	Sivrem was dumbfounded.  Slowly, a large grin on his face grew larger... and even larger.  He let out a loud whoop, accompanied by Jagold and Smythe as the ponies cheered and hollered at the mesmerizing display.



	Along the edges of the ravine, several pegasi gasped.  Several more dashed behind trees and rocks, trembling.

	Jerrio hovered in place, his neck nearly snapping as he jerked his head up to follow the colorful streak Rainbow's body was making through the sky.  The mists parted overhead, giving way to a colorful glow that dwindled in the air like an aurora.

	As the seconds dripped harmlessly by, the pegasi came back out of hiding and clapped their hooves against the earthen floor.

	"Wooohoo!"

	"Wow!"

	"Did you see that?!"

	"She brings Lights of her very own!"

	"Not even Valkyrie Silver can make that!"

	"That's so awesome!"

	"Rainbow Dash!  Rainbow Dash!"

	"Rainbow Dash!  Rainbow Dash!  Rainbow Dash!"

	"That's... that's..."  Rayvinne exhaled, fanning herself with a wing of golden feathers.  She smirked and turned towards Jerrio.  "That's some nifty stuff, eh J?"

	"It..."  He gulped nervously.  "Certainly is..."
		//------------------------------//
		// Stupidly Short Segues and Explosions		//------------------------------//

	A plume of orange flame erupted against the southern rock wall.  Pebbles and clumps of dirt littered the forest floor following the culmination of Roarke's latest volley.  As the smoke cleared, a jagged scar could be seen blanketing the stone face where the metal mare's miniature missile had landed.

	"Hmmm..."  Roarke tapped her chin in thought.  Her lenses retracted as she murmured, "A little too combustible.  Not enough force upon the initial impact."  She adjusted the launcher from where it sat on a firmly placed tripod.  "It may please you to know, little child, that I need to buffer the explosive factor in this particular case..."

	Kera was too busy glancing over her shoulder.  "Uhhhh..."

	"Is something the matter?" Roarke asked without looking.  "I presumed that last rocket was less than satisfactory to your liking as well...?"

	"I coulda sworn I heard an explosion from behind us that last time," the filly murmured.

	"It's simply the echo of the discharge issuing from the jungle's trees behind us," Roarke muttered.  "Nothing more."

	Kera raised an eyebrow, her eyes still scanning 