the patch of misty sky above.  "You sure about that, Roarkie?  I could have sworn it was slightly above us too."

	"Your young imagination is playing tricks on you," Roarke droned.  "And don't call me Roarkie."

	"Meh."  Kera shrugged, then smirked towards the scarred rock wall.  "When are we gonna test your weapons on squirrels or something?"

	"Nnnnngh... I swear, is everypony in this crater after the traumatization of the elk...?"



	At last, the colors of the sonic rainboom dissipated over the canyon.  The bulk of the pegasi in Jerrio's group were still whooping with cheers.

	From a long distance, Kitsune smirked, then turned towards Sivrem and the others in her group.  "Well..."  She wiped her sweaty brow.  "The rest of the flock certainly liked it."

	"Why wouldn't they?!" Jagold grinned wide.  "That was so cool!"

	"I wonder if they saw that from Central," Smythe remarked.

	"Heh... you kidding?"  Kitsune smirked, slicking back her multi-colored bangs.  "They probably felt it."

	"Hmmmm..."  Sivrem's squinting eyes scanned the lengths of the ravine.  "Has anypony seen where Rainbow Dash landed?"

	"No, why?"  Smythe blinked.  "I figure she'd be joining us again anytime now."

	"Yeah.  Heehee!"  Jagold giggled.  "Probably just to brag in our faces!"  She turned towards the others.  "Face it, guys!  That outsider totally owned the whole bunch of us!  I don't know whether to hide my face or applaud her!"

	"Can we do both?" Smythe remarked, summoning a chuckle from Kitsune.

	Sivrem's body jerked in mid-hover.

	Kitsune glanced at him.  "Wh-what is it, Sivrem?"

	Without saying a word, he dove straight down towards a patch of stone overlooking the northern end of the Raked Ravine.  Smythe and Jagold craned their necks to see what he was flying to.  A gasp emanated between both of them, and they darted after the First-Born.  Slightly worried, Kitsune eventually followed suit.



	Rainbow Dash was curled up in a little blue ball against a cluster of rocks.  Her teeth gnashed as she clutched her head between two forelimbs.  Shivers ran through her body, culminating in a continous twitch to her tail hairs.

	Sivrem landed first.  With a blanching expression, he crouched low and spoke hoarsely, "Rainbow!  Rainbow Dash!"

	"Nnngh... guh..."  Rainbow put on a crooked smile, wincing.  "H-hey there, big guy."  She gulped.  "This isn't as bad as it looks... tr-trust me..."

	"Rainbow!"  Jagold landed beside her, instantly clutching the pegasus' shoulders and nuzzling her head.  "Oh, by Valkyrie's Shout!  You destroyed yourself!"

	"Please I-I'll be fine... just..."

	"I-I don't think you should be touching her," Smythe stammered.

	"What's going on?!" Kitsune breathlessly uttered as she landed.

	Jagold looked up, misty-eyed.  "Somepony go get help!  Jerrio, the Gray Feathers, anyone from Central—"

	"I'm fine... really..."  Rainbow weakly raised a numb hoof.  Kitsune grasped it as she and Rainbow made eye contact.  "It... it'll pass."  She gulped.  "Trust me.  Just... d-don't freak out anymore, okay?"

	"Was it the stunt you just pulled?" Sivrem asked, his eyes narrowing.  "Did that take the life out of you?"

	"Nah..."  Rainbow's winced but nevertheless smiled.  "I-I can pull off th-the sonic rainboom in my sleep..."

	"Sonic Rainboom?" Smythe made a face.

	"A trick that very f-few ponies where I come from know how to do," Rainbow stammered.  "And by few, I mean 'none but me.'"  She took a shuddering breath.  "No, this?"  She gulped.  "This is something else.  It's... it's n-normal.  Trust me."

	Jagold sniffled and nuzzled the mare closer.  "Is there anything we can do?"

	"No.  I mean..." Rainbow shuddered.  "Just... j-just gotta let it pass..."  She smiled assuredly.  "It doesn't last long.  I'll be okay.  I promise."

	Sivrem simply stared at her in thought.

	"Well, you could have fooled us, Rainbow," Smythe said with a smile.  "The way you completely owned the four of us back there?  You may as well be the healthiest mare in the world."

	"I'd l