ike to think so," Rainbow said, her shivers starting to fade.  "Y'know, I may have ridden in on a floating barge of Valkyrie Silver, but I'm no spring chicken."

	"Huh?"

	"Bird pun.  Figured you guys would get it."  Rainbow shook, struggled, and eventually sat up.  "I'm... used to flying anywhere and everywhere I go..."  She nodded the last few waves of dizziness out of her skull.  "I'm talking hundreds if not thousands of miles.  So... y'know... I can pull off a trick or two that most of you likely haven't seen."  She smiled, taking a deep breath.  "All there is to it.  I h-hope you don't mind me showing off."

	"And yet a pony capable of so much majesty is still susceptible to the frailties of life," Sivrem said.

	"Er..."  Rainbow Dash fidgeted.  "I guess?"

	"You're feeling better now?" Kitsune asked, reaching a hoof forward.

	Rainbow took it and stood up.  "Yeah.  Pretty much."  Jagold helped her keep steady.  "Though... uhm... I-I wouldn't mind if you guys helped me with something."

	"Name it," Smythe said.

	Rainbow nodded towards the thick group of ponies still cheering from across the ravine.  "Don't let 'em know that I collapsed just now?"  She smiled nervously.  "I... kinda sorta have a reputation to maintain."

	Kitsune glanced at Sivrem.  Both First-Borns smiled.  "I don't think that'll be a problem..."



	"And then she just flew up, grabbed my hooves, and spun the two of us around like we were dancing!" Jagold chirped, doing miniature flips in the air as the whole group flew over the treetops.  "What nonchalance!  What style!"  Jagold giggled and nudged Rayvinne.  "I'm tellin' you, Ray!  She's one of a kind!"

	"Mmmhmmmm..."  Rayvine smirked and flipped her mane.  "She certainly is."

	Rainbow saw the mare's glance from the corner of her eyes.  She glanced back with a nervous smile.

	"What kills me is that she not only beat all of us, but she was able to throw in such a wicked cool stunt at the end!" Smythe exclaimed.  "I mean—we're good fliers!  But how come we can't pull something like that off?"

	"Because we have two primary functions in the skies of Durandana," Jerrio said, flying firmly through the group.  "To herd and to forage.  So long as we are able to home, then it doesn't matter what way we choose to gust."

	"Yeah... heheh..."  Rainbow Dash smirked aside.  "But it doesn't hurt to get your kicks in every now and then, r-right?"

	Jerrio merely flew on ahead without looking at her.  "I shall check to make sure the elders are ready, Sivrem."

	"Sure thing, Jerrio," the leader replied.

	Rainbow Dash blinked, staring after him.  "He's... uh..."  She cleared her throat.  "...kinda stiff."

	"Oh, we all know.  Trust me."  Sivrem smirked.  "But, for what it's worth, I've rarely seen him as enthusiastic as he's been these past twenty-four hours."

	"Maybe... uhm..."  Rainbow fidgeted, glancing up at the glowing tower as they flew ever closer.  "Maybe I shouldn't have pulled that stunt back there."

	"Huh?"  Sivrem squinted at her.  "Why?"

	"It's been a long time since I had an opportunity to show off like that," Rainbow said, then sighed.  "Especially with pegasi."

	"You don't encounter other winged ponies along your travels?"

	"No.  Believe it or not.  You're a rare breed."

	"Don't you mean we are a rare breed?"

	Rainbow blinked at that.  A giggle popped out of her mouth, followed by another one.  She rolled over in the air and flew backwards, slicking her mane back as she smiled at him.  "Yeah... yeah, I guess so."

	Sivrem smiled calmly at her.  "Frankly, I would have been let down if you didn't give us your all.  What's life if not an excuse to exhibit the Valkyrie's spirit strongly?"

	"Well, thanks for... y'know..."  Rainbow glanced at the various ponies flocking with them.  "...still counting me as 'strong.'"

	"Why shouldn't I?"

	"Well..."  Rainbow glanced down at the jungle canopy.

	Sivrem tilted his head aside in mid-flight.  "Your condition.  Does it have a pattern?"

	"Huh?"

	"I figured you suffered your spel