l on account of the effort it took to produce that 'Sonic Rainbooming.'"

	"Oh.  Uhm..."  Rainbow bit the edge of her muzzle.  "It's hard to say.  It comes and goes.  But... erm... it's been having a lot more commonly lately."

	"Has that been the prevailing pattern in your life?"

	"Oh, I wasn't born with this."

	"How so?"

	"I... I-I don't want to get into it all that much..."

	Sivrem nodded.  "I apologize for prying."

	"No, it's okay.  I just figured that I would have saved it for explaining to the Gray Feathers, seeing as you're all waiting to have them explain stuff to me."

	"Heh.  Fair enough."

	"But, long story short, I... g-got infected by something."

	Sivrem raised an eyebrow.

	Rainbow stammered, "It's n-not contagious!  It's more like a corruption.  Something... er... zapped me, and I've been suffering from it ever since."  She grasped the pendant around her neck.  "You see this thing?"

	"Hard not to," Sivrem said with a smile.  "It suits you."

	"Heh.  Yes, well... it's very important to me and my culture for a ton of reasons.  But, in my specific case, it's a gift from the Princesses of my kingdom."  She gulped.  "Not only that, but it's the one thing keeping me alive."

	"I... did not know that," Sivrem said, cocking his head aside.  "Do you always keep the source of your vulnerability around your neck?"

	"I-I've never really seen it as a crutch, to be honest."  She rubbed the ruby lightning bolt, summoning a slight glow.  Nearby pegasi cooed at the illumination.  "It's actually kind of cool, and..."  Rainbow sighed gently.  "It reminds me of a lot of ponies who were very close to me."

	"Then it is a blessing that you still have it on you," Sivrem said with a smile.

	"Does... does it freak you out?" Rainbow asked, fidgeting.  "Not just this, but the sonic rainboom I just did and the ship I flew in on and the fact that I'm an outsider and—"

	"Whoah whoah whoah..."  The stallion chuckled.  "Slow down!  I can see you're concerned for us, Rainbow Dash, and that's quite noble.  But we wouldn't be loyal children of the Valkyrie if we succumbed so easily to fear and uncertainty..."  He winked.  "Now, would we?"

	Rainbow gave a nervous smile.  "Heheh... g-guess you have a point."

	"Some of that which you've shown us is awe inspiring.  As for myself... heh... I'm still trying to wrap my head around flying Valkyrie Silver.  As for the lights and the sonic rainboom and the stories from beyond the greens... well... I find them all remarkable.  I have no doubt the elders will as well.  After all, Gray Feathers are simply First-Borns who have given up their days of flight for maintaining the scrolls.  I think they'll be ecstatic to talk to you.  You'll bring back the spark of youth to their minds."

	"Now there's a thought."

	"I presume you're concerned about my friend Jerrio."

	Rainbow spun around, facing forward as they flew along.  "Erm... sh-should I be?"

	"He's a stallion who takes things a little too seriously.  I swear, he was born a Gray-Feather."  Sivrem smirked as the last thing he said summoned a chuckle from Smythe and Jagold nearby.  "Personally, I don't understand how anypony could be anything but mesmerized by your presence.  I've always assumed there was a world beyond the greens—including ponies like Durandanans.  After all, the Valkyrie had to have come from somewhere, and I bet even once I have my hooves on the legendary scrolls and the words contained therein, I'll still have questions to ask."

	"I... I-I don't know if I can provide the sort of answers you might be seeking."

	"You can't?"  Sivrem cocked his head aside.  "Or you shouldn't?"

	Rainbow Dash winced heavily.  At last she murmured, "I really don't know what to say..."

	"Nor should you be troubled about it," Sivrem said.  He reached over and patted Rainbow's shoulder.  "Speak to the Gray Feathers, Rainbow Dash.  They'll be as open to your wisdom as you'll be to theirs."  He smiled and gestured ahead.  "Behold... the Middle Tower in all its glory..."

	Rainbow lo