oked up... and up and up and up.  Her jaw hung agape.
		//------------------------------//
		// Come Meet the Gray Feathers		//------------------------------//

	Built along the vertical stalk of Durandana's central tower was a complex array of circular platforms, all interconnected by a double-helix of winding wooden lattices.  Atop these platforms, several large buildings had been fitted together out of elaborately carved wooden slats.  Many of the structures were three stories tall—consuming as much height as the base of the next upper platform could allow.  At first, Rainbow couldn't guess how the structures of Central D were capable of withstanding the mechanical extension of the tower itself, until she realized that its upper vertical pylons simply collapsed inside one another, occupying the hollow of the lower base when there was no sunlight up above to illuminate.

	As it was First Light, the summit of the Central Tower was in full glow.  Rainbow watched as a fixed point of light beamed in from a distance—presumably originating in the reflectors of the eastmost tower—and found its mark somewhere in the center of a geometrically rigid structure.  A shiny "cube" with jagged edges topped off the tower like a piece of glittery chalk at the end of a standing pool cue.  Unlike the rest of the tower, this structure was noticeably metallic, with immaculate gold surfaces carrying a wet sheen from morning dew and mist.  There were several porous holes in the walls of this structure—including an east and west opening to allow for the magnified light to shine through the very heart of the crater.  Aside from that, the entire summit resonated with a platinum glow, illuminating the base of low-hanging clouds that drifted lazily overhead.

	It was a difficult task to make a solid observation of this spectacle, for pegasi were constantly flying to and fro between the tower and Rainbow Dash, and the wandering flocks were growing even denser as the seconds rolled by.  One by one, the thick crowds of ponies took notice of the stranger with a ruby pendant hanging around her neck.  Collectively, Durandanans both young and old hovered about to stare at the Sivrem's group and the striking mare who was accompanying them.

	Rainbow heard just as much commotion below her as above.  She glanced down to see that there were numerous buildings built all along the forest floor bordering the centeral spire.  Many of them were veritable towers in and of themselves, scaling as high as seven stories tall.  Structures were built into trees, erected on platforms, and even affixed to the base of the main spire itself.  The community of Central D was a virtual city, and it easily dwarfed the tiny cluster of treehouses that made up West D.  This made for innumerable platforms from which pegasi took off and landed, making their way to the furthest reaches of the crater.

	Below all of the buildings—including the Central Tower itself—Rainbow could have sworn she saw a floor of solid wood.  She squinted, trying to see beyond the branches and foliage and pegasi feathers, but she couldn't tell if it was a courtyard or something else entirely.

	By then, a terribly thick crowd had gathered.  Pegasi murmured to one another, their eyes all locked on Rainbow Dash.  From a distance, Rainbow could hear occasional murmurs of "outsider" and "ponies with no wings" and "flying Valkyrie silver."

	"I guess I've been expected," Rainbow muttered.

	Kitsune nodded as she flew alongside her and Sivrem.  "We're a talkative bunch here in Durandana."  She smirked aside at her.  "We just couldn't help ourselves."

	"I almost wish we could have brought some of your buddies along!" Jagold exclaimed.  "No one here has seen a pony without feathers before!"

	"Er..."  Rainbow smiled nervously.  "Maybe it's best that we take things one wing flap at a time..."

	"There's no reason to be nervous, Rainbow," Sivrem said with a smile.

	"It's not me I'm worried about."

	Jerrio spoke up.  "There."  He pointed at the second lowest platform of the cente