ruising for a wet tail wind!"

	Both mares giggled.

	"Shhh..."  Jerrio pointed.  "Sivrem's returning."

	Rainbow Dash pivoted about in time to meet the stallion.

	He hovered up, smiling.  "They're ready to greet you."  He looked past Rainbow.  "Kit?  Jerrio?"

	The other two First-Borns drifted forward.  Rayvinne, Smythe, and Jagold stayed behind, with the last one waving happily.

	Rainbow waved back, gulped, and followed the other three towards the lower platform.  As they entered the shade of the nearby jungle canopy, Rainbow's eyes refocused, and she saw dozens if not hundreds of equines gathered about on the wooden floor.  There were crude chairs and benches, upon which the majority of the oldest ponies sat.  At first, Rainbow presumed that they were sleeping.  She soon realized that their lips were moving, murmuring words in quiet meditative breaths.

	Her companions touched down, so she did as well.  The closer she got to the ponies, she saw that they were all clad in plain gray tunics and gowns.  To her surprise, a multitude of the "elders" weren't exactly elders at all, but simply a few years older than the likes of Kitsune and Sivrem.  The truly senior equines didn't appear until she was led towards a building erected against the curved base of the tower itself.  There, lanterns full of flittering lightning bugs cast a dim illumination across the wooden floor and ceiling.

	A full line of ponies stood in wait.  One stood out a few feet from the rest.  She was a mare with a youthful complexion and a calm, wise smile.  As Rainbow trotted up, so did she.  Her mane was bleached white, save for the very tips of her long locks, which still possessed a faded fascimile of multi-colored dye.

	"Greetings, Rainbow Dash, we have been waiting for you," the mare said.  Her red eyes glowed in the lanternlight, adding warmth to her words.  "Sivrem has told us so much.  Welcome to Durandana."

	"Uh... yeah.  I've been made to feel totally welcome."  Rainbow's eyes darted towards the other Gray Feathers.  Most of their manes were entirely ghost-white.  She glanced back at the pony who still possessed a hint of color.  "Really, it's been pretty cool.  I was kinda sorta afraid that maybe you all would be freaked out by my friends and I."

	She chuckled richly.  "An understandable concern.  Trust me.  Durandana is all about peace and harmony.  It's something that the Valkyrie herself strove for.  She was a warrior at heart, true, but also a pacifist in spirit, which is what has made her legacy so remarkable."

	"Heh..."  Rainbow nodded with a smile.  "I totally feel you."  She swallowed.  "Uhm... how should I refer to you...?"

	"Please, call me by my foalname."  She pointed to herself.  "I am Fawful, and I've been chosen by the rest of the Gray Feathers to speak on our behalf, and to teach you the ways of the Valkyrie."

	"Oh... uhm..."  Rainbow fidgeted.  "Uh—"

	"And..."  She smiled, nodding her head.  "I'm certain that you have much to teach me in turn."

	"Well..."  Rainbow scratched the back of her head, smiling.  "I dunno about teaching, but I definitely have some stuff to share.  I... uh..."  She glanced around.  "I have a buttload of questions about this place."

	"And we certainly have many questions as well," Fawful said.  "Your presence here is a miracle in and of itself.  We never make contact with the realm beyond the greens."

	"Yeah... heh..."  Rainbow smirked.  "I sorta got that part."

	"Flying Valkyrie silver and ponies without wings?"  Fawful chuckled.  "Most remarkable indeed.  And here I thought my years of excitement were over."  A pause. She glanced aside at Sivrem, then back at Rainbow.  "I heard that you have the ability to generate your own lights."

	Rainbow glanced at her companions.

	Sivrem said nothing.  Jerrio bit his lip.

	"With all due respect, elder..."  Kitsune bowed as she said, "Rainbow Dash isn't entirely in the best of health.  It would do her well to rest while conversing with the Gray Feathers."

	"What?"  Rainbow gawked at her strangely.