  "For real, I'm not—"

	"I do not wish to be rude.  If she needs rest, then we will most certainly provide it," Fawful said.  She reached over and touched Kitsune's shoulders.  "Thank you, Kitsune.  You may go now."

	Kitsune bowed again.  As she, Sivrem, and Jerrio turned to fly off, she gave Rainbow a lasting smile, then was gone.

	Rainbow sighed.

	"Is something wrong, outsider?" Fawful remarked.

	"I dunno..."  Rainbow turned towards her with a weak smile.  "I've travelled an awful lot, and I'm... just not used to ponies treating me so nicely."

	"Is that so?  How unfortunate," Fawful remarked.  She led Rainbow towards the dimly lit building before them.  "I would very much like to hear all about your journeys."

	"I get the feeling you're gonna do just that," Rainbow said.
		//------------------------------//
		// The Fuzziest of First Contacts		//------------------------------//

	KAPOW!

	A chunk of rock flew into a hundred smoldering pebbles, rattling across the forest floor along the southern edge of the crater.

	Roarke stood up straight from a nimble crouch.  With a metallic hiss, a miniature missile launcher retracted back into a sheath that was attached to her shoulder.  She flexed her forelimb, feeling the tug of the metal braces fitted neatly around her figure.  "Hmmm... I can barely feel the temperature increase.  I guess that confirms that the thermal layers are in working order."

	"Heh... that was a pretty nice one, Roarkie!" Kera said from where she sat on a grassy mound of dirt at the forest's edge.  She grinned, her horn glowing as she stared at the clearing smoke.  "I especially like the way it went 'kapow!'"

	"Yes.  It tends to do that."

	"You should make one that makes a lot of flame!  Y'know... Phwoooomb!  All bright and orange n'stuff!"

	"That's not necessary," Roarke droned, her nostrils flaring.  "My days of watching forests burn are... well behind me."

	"You know, for a pony who deals with explosions so much, you really don't seem to be all that proud of them."

	"It's not about pride, Kera," Roarke said, trotting back to her box of equipment.  "If anything, it was all about getting the job done.  Believe it or not, such tasks required more subtlety."

	"Really?"

	"Indeed.  Several of my Searonese sisters were dependent on shock and awe alone, but most of those metal mares didn't live to see their own bounties turned in.  Their weapons had the awful tendency for blowing up in their faces."

	"Oh.  Not cool."

	"Indeed, not cool in the least," Roarke droned.  "But it was to be expected.  You have an entire culture devoid of mothers and fathers and you give the blood-thirsty daughters a hoofful of death machines and... well... the results aren't entirely surprising."

	"Wow."  Kera blinked, then smiled.  "You must be super-lucky to have survived as long as you did."

	"I almost didn't," Roarke said, pausing to stare blankly into the treeline.  "I was taking jobs with higher and higher stakes each passing month.  Imre did all she could to keep me alive, but it didn't matter.  I had it in my head that I had to impress Pestiferous.  At last, I had a huge Ledomaritan bounty that would have given me a fortune.  There would have been several Franzington heads thrown in to boot.  But... looking back..."  Her words trailed off.

	Kera gazed curiously at her.

	Roarke sighed out her nostrils.  "Well..."  She muttered, "Looking back now, I realize that Pestiferous would very likely have betrayed me despite my professional diligence."  She fiddled with the equipment in her container.  "'Roarke Most Rare' was just a banal monicker.  In the end, I didn't owe my luck to myself.  I owed it to a mare simply for kicking my teeth in.  She changed my life."

	"Uh huh..."  Kera stifled a yawn, twirling several pebbles magically above her head.  "I bet it doesn't change the fact that you're pissed at her."

	"Hmmm?  Rainbow?"

	"I mean—yeah!  She beat you up, didn't she?"

	"Kera, you're still a foal," Roarke droned.  "I can't even pretend to explain