g down the corridor where the six sleeping quarters lay across from one another.  “Eagle Eye?  Miss Props?”  He hesitated slightly.  “Belle?”

    More silence.  The hum of the ship had a haunting quality to it.

    Pilate bit his lip.  He stood straight up, wincing from the ache of his stiff muscles.  He brought a hoof up to the metal plate along his forehead--now a dull plank of useless runes.  Stifling a sigh, he nonetheless trotted forward, towards what he judged to be the bow of the ship.  As he shuffled along, his hooves felt the seams in the floor which denoted the three sets of parallel doors lying across from one another.  He lingered at the second set of doorframes, tilting his head towards the ship’s port side.

    He heard nothing--certainly not the chipper voice of a young filly.

    In a melancholic gait, he shuffled along.  At last, he came upon the vertical crawlspace located towards the front of the ship.  He was instantly pelted with a rush of cold air.  Tilting his head up, he winced against the bitter chill and murmured, “Mr. Floydien?  Rainbow Dash?  Is… is anypony there?”

    Silence.

    With a daunting breath, he stretched his hooves out, feeling around the portside.  He finally made contact with the rung of a metal ladder.  With relief, he slumped towards it… and his lower body gave way.

    “Gaah!” Pilate clung to the ladder, dangling suddenly.  He had misjudged how close the gap in the floor was.  Now, an entire lower deck loomed below him.  Regaining his balance, he gripped the ladder rungs with all four limbs and began a slow climb.  His body shivered the more he ascended.  Once he reached the cockpit at the very top, he understood why.

    It was cold.  It was beyond cold.  The air hissed with a bone-chilling wind, as if it was flurrying in from all directions.  With chattering teeth, Pilate pulled himself onto the floor and rolled aside.  Once his flank bumped into an instrument panel, he realized that the cockpit was empty.

    “Mr. Floydien…?”  He gasped.  “But… where… where could…?”

    At last, he heard something--voices from the top deck.  He turned towards them with twitching ears.

    “...been out for too long.  We should go search for her.”

    “How?  None of us have wings.  Maybe Roarke could have cooked up something with jet fuel but… well… we all know how that ended up.”

    “Uhhh… actually, no we don’t.”

    “Well, most of us, Ebon.”

    “You and Floydien saw what went down, EE.  Didn’t you?”

    “All I know is what Rainbow Dash told us.”

    “Heh… like that’s really been much to stand by lately.”

    “Ebon…”

    “I mean it!  Ever since we crossed the frozen waters, she’s been a regular Rainbow Dull!”

    “Does the sailboat boomer ever known when to shut his teeth sheathe?  Floydien’s trying to keep an eye out!”

    “And I’m telling you, she’s been gone for too long!  Something’s not right!”

    “Just let her do her thing.  You heard what Props said the other day.  This is the only way we can restore the ship’s dormant heating system without sacrificing a chunk of skystone!”

    “Well, I’d be down for that.  Wouldn’t mind cooking you guys up something warm for a change.  It’ll keep Josho off my flank, that’s for sure.”

    “Fat boomer was never on board the sailboat to begin with.”

    “Oh, go ride a bike, you oversized space elk.  It was just a figure of speech.  Shouldn’t be an alien concept to the likes of you.”

    “Can we all just hush up and keep scanning the horizon, please?”

    “What’s going on?” Pilate asked, shivering against the wind.  “Where’s Rainbow Dash?”

    Hooves shuffled against the top deck.

    “Whoah!  Look at those stripes!  They’re practically blue!”

    “Pilate!  For Spark’s sake, pal…”  A soft set of hooves scampered over.  Eagle Eye rubbed the zebra’s shoulders.  Pilate could feel long, woolie sleev