e a second-wing polar bear for the afternoon."

	"I volunteer Eagle Eye," Josho grunted.

	"Dude!" Eagle squeaked.

	"He already looks purple!" Props giggled.

	"D-dudette!" Eagle squeaked in a higher pitch.

	"Nnnngh... Yeah... I think I could use an excuse to wake up."  Rainbow Dash gazed at the waters.  "Celestia, give me strength."

	"At this rate, she would do better to give you balls," Josho said.

	"Not where I'm going."  Rainbow Dash said.  Stepping up to the pool's edge, she took one breath... two breaths... three breaths... then clamped the soundstone into her mouth and—

	Splooosh!

	If a million knives stabbed every single square inch of her body, it still wouldn't have been an adequate description of how cold it felt.  Undaunted, Rainbow Dash kicked her limbs, torpedoing her way towards the dim light on the far end of the sunken chamber.
		//------------------------------//
		// Shoulda Brought a Tank Buster		//------------------------------//

    When Rainbow Dash emerged, she felt strangely colder than when she was underwater.  This produced a gasp, followed by the clattering sound of her sound stone falling to the metal floor.  She caught it before it could roll back into the waters.  Shuffling up the steep incline of metal, she spread her wings and shook her body from head to tail.  Most of the agonizing water droplets rolled off her, but she was still coated with a fine layer of frosty liquid.

    Rubbing her forelimbs together, she next brought a trembling hoof to her pendant and rubbed it rigorously.  The ruby light from her Element glowed at its maximum luminosity, warming the ends of her moist coat hairs.  She still felt numb through and through, but at least she hadn’t collapsed.

    Without hesitation, she flapped her wings while performing vigorous “galloping” motions in midair.  Once the blood started flowing, she breathed more easily, pivoting about to take in the far side of the ship where she had swum to.

    Though it was paltry compared to the vibrance of her pendant, Rainbow Dash could make out the hint of a fire on the opposite end of the chamber.  A stack of crates stood between here and the light source, obscuring the details of the room.

    Shuddering, Rainbow reached down, grabbed the sound stone in the crook of her hoof, and proceeded forward.

    “Scrkkk!  Dashie?!  You frozen to death?”

    “Sorry to disappoint you, girl,” Rainbow Dash said.  “Tell Josho and EE I’m safe.”  She gulped.  “For now.”

    “Uh oh!  Is there something super scary and dangerous on that side?”

    “Only thing dangerous in here is me,” Rainbow Dash said as she hovered over the crates and peered on the other side.  “As for super and scary…”

    A camp had been set up, with several empty and crumpled soup cans forming a pile in the far corner.  Rainbow Dash saw two burlap saps with potato sacks for pillows.  A set of random horseshoes lay on the side, and there were multiple chests full of metal trinkets, tools, and nick-nacks.

    ”Well?  Don’t leave us in suspenders!”

    “The fire’s still fresh,” Rainbow Dash said as she hovered further over the indoor campsite.  “Looks like they’re using tiny white filament to burn.  Doesn’t look like hay to me.  Besides, where they heck would anypony get hay?”

    ”That’s probably excess manafibers from the ship’s backup!  That’s why Alexia never gets to play with the big boys.  Everything they build is flammable in some way or another!”

    “Seems to be working for whoever’s here.”

    ”Do you see ‘em?  Huh?  Huh?”

    “Can’t see much of anything, to be honest.”  Rainbow squinted along the far end of the chamber.  “Looks like there’s a passage that leads out of here.  For all we know, whoever’s been hiding here has plenty of more places to crawl away.”

    ”Josho’s asking if you can tell how many have been staying down there!”

    “Well, I see two beds.  So it’s either two ponies or one really fat