 to you the fine intricacies of—"  She glanced up, and her lenses retracted.  "...how long have you been doing that?"

	"Hmmm?"  Kera's eyes darted over.  "Doing what?"

	Roarke pointed.  "The rocks.  Floating them."

	"Hmmm?"  Kera looked back at the cyclonically twirling pebbles.  "Oh, these?"  She smirked.  "I snatched them from the last explosion."

	Roarke tilted her head aside.  "You caught them in midair?"

	"Yeah, sure."  Kera shrugged.  "Don't get me wrong.  I'm not bored or anything."  She pointed at Roarke's equipment.  "It just takes you so long to load another missile, so I'm just passing the time."  She kicked her legs playfully as she hummed to herself.

	Roarke turned and looked at the pockmarked cliffface.  She turned back towards Kera.  Silence.  She trotted away from the equipment case.  "Kera... I'm thinking..."

	"Huh?" Kera glanced up.

	Roarke stood above her.  "I think I've tested enough of my weapons for the time being."  Her lenses pistoned outward.  "How about you get some practice out of the way instead."

	"Me?  Practice?"  Kera's eyes twitched.  Her tattooed face grinned.  "You mean I get to fire some rockets?"

	"No."

	"Awwwwwwwww..."

	"What I mean is..."  Roarke gestured towards the shattered boulders lying on the stone floor.  "I would like to see you move some of these rocks with your magic.  What do you think?"

	"Meh.  Please..."  Kera rolled her green eyes.  "I was saving Belle's and Phoenix's skin back in Blue Nova while you were busy crashing your ship into the ground.  Good job with that, by the way.  You know, according to Propsy, that mana vessel of yours looked just like a giant—"

	"Hmmm.  I understand."  Roarke turned and trotted back to her container.  "If you deem the task too taxing..."

	Kera stood up straight, brow furrowed.  "Is that supposed to be some sort of a challenge?"

	Roarke glanced up briefly while shuffling through her equipment.  "...Meh."  She looked back at her things.

	Kera fumed and fumed.  "Yeah... well..."  She glanced at the floating rocks, then shot them off like bullets into the trees.  "I can make a rock spin into orbit!"  She hopped down from the dirt mound and stomped her hooves.  "See if I can't!"

	Roarke glanced up with a bored expression.  "Prove it."



	"An entire city?!" Fawful exclaimed, breathless.  She and Rainbow Dash stood on cushioned benches beneath an array of dimly-lit lanterns inside a wooden lounge.  "Made out of Valkyrie Silver?"

	"Floating buildings," Rainbow Dash said.  "The whole city flew.  And what you call Valkyrie Silver—well—it's really a bunch of granite and stone buildings older than I can even pretend to tell you."

	Across the way, several old ponies with white manes glanced at one another, murmuring in awe before returning their gaze upon the ongoing conversation.

	"And..."  Fawful stroked her frayed bangs back, staring blankly into the shadows.  "And while in Stratopolis, you were attacked by this matriarch named 'Axan' and her brood of fire-breathing children?"

	"No no no..."  Rainbow held her hooves up, chuckling slightly.  "That was Silvadel.  See, you're not letting me tell the stuff that I've seen in order."  She smiled.  "My friends and I survived our ordeal in Stratopolis only recently.  Silvadel was nearly a year ago... well... for me it was.  I've since flown through Ledomare and Xona and... and..."  Rainbow blinked, squirmed in place, then shrugged.  "Well, that's about it, I guess.  Heh.  But Silvadel and Darkstine and Emeraldine were all before that."

	"And you claim to hail from... Emeraldine?"

	Rainbow smiled.  "Equestria."

	"I-I'm sorry..."  Fawful shuddered.  "It's just... all so much to take in."  Her red eyes narrowed.  "To think that there's actually more than one kingdom outside of Durandana, beyond the greens!"

	"Yeah, crazy, huh?" Rainbow smirked.  "Now... hee hee hee... if you'd just let me tell it all in order—"

	"Please forgive me..."  Fawful chuckled warmly.  "I-I suppose we're just keen to ask so many questions