—"

	An old stallion spoke up from another bench.  "Are there ponies living in proximity to the basin?"

	Fawful rolled her eyes and smiled, blushing.

	Rainbow craned her neck to look at him.  "What?  You mean right outside the crater?"

	"Crater?"

	Rainbow gestured with her hooves.  "This place—Durandana, as you call it—is basically one huge bowl of earth surrounded by a series of high mountains called the Sky Stabs and—"

	The stallion and several other Gray Feathers stared at Rainbow blankly.

	"... ... ..."  Rainbow blinked.  "Ahem."  She slinked back in her seat.  "Yeah, there are places right beyond the greens.  One place is called Alafreo.  It's a pretty swell community built on a bunch of bluffs overlooking the arctic wastes.  Just imagine a bunch of metal platforms overlooking crashing surf and populated by a bunch of big sentient turtles.  Really nice turtles, by the way.  Boy were those guys really swell to hang with..."

	"Turtles... as in shelled reptiles?" a wrinkled mare remarked.

	"And they can think and talk?" another stallion stammered.

	"Er... right..."  Rainbow grinned.  "Where I come from, there're dogs, dragons, sea serpents, griffons—all capable of talking, laughing, hugging, and farting up a storm.  Whew!  Boy, lemme tell you!  And don't get me started on the foxes that my buddies Josho and Eagle Eye found in Aurum.  Heh... talk about jobbers..."

	"Dragons...?"  A mare murmured.  "Sea serpents?"

	Another mare nodded.  "These names are... odd."  She squinted at Rainbow Dash from afar.  "Do you mean to say that there are creatures who aren't the foals of the Valkyrie?"

	"Yeah, well..."  Rainbow fidgeted.  "You guys are so big on birds, right?"  She smirked and gestured.  "You really expect yourselves to believe that the Valkyrie squirted out an albatross in her day and age?  I mean, come on..."

	"Animals are different, child."

	"Ahem."  Fawful cleared her throat and smiled.  "Sivrem and his flock claim to have seen ponies without feathers on board Rainbow's flying Valkyrie Silver.  The First-Borns Kitsune and Jerrio confirm this."  She stared at the other elders.  "Some ponies in Rainbow's group have horns sticking out of their head—one even has them branching out like tree limbs."

	"The dudes with a single horn are called unicorns," Rainbow said.  "And where I come from, they're just a race of ponies."

	"A race?"

	"Yeah."  Rainbow nodded.  "Just like earth ponies and pegasi."

	"So... there are ponies who can't fly?"

	"Oh, totally.  Sad, isn't it?"  Rainbow grinned.  "But hey, we're all special in our own little ways.  Unicorns can perform magic—er... what you may call 'the lights.'"

	The Gray Feathers all murmured amidst one another.

	"And earth ponies—well—aside from being boring as mud..."  Rainbow rolled her eyes with a smirk.  "They're actually really, really strong, not to mention freaky-good at raising crops and doing farmwork.  Aaaaaand... uh... as for that one dude with the 'branching horns?'  That's Floydien, our ship's pilot.  He's an elk.  As to why he can use magic... uhhh... I-I haven't actually figured it all out myself."  Rainbow gulped.  "I mean, y'know, I'm awesome and all... but I don't know the answers to everything.  Sorry."

	"It's quite alright, child."  A mare smiled from across the room.  "Your words are mystifying... but enlightening all the same."

	"And, y'know... about our 'Valkyrie Silver,'" Rainbow said.  "It's not really as crazy as you probably think.  Sure, the Noble Jury looks freaky on the outside, but really all that keeps it up in the air is a combination of a bunch of different magically-powered technologies.  But—to be honest—I find your big glowy tower thingies to be pretty snazzy as well.  I mean—heck—I don't know how they work!  But I'm sure there's a way!"

	"They magnify the Light From Above," an elder said.

	"Huh?"

	Fawful smiled.  "At the start of every day, the Light From Above appears over the eastern edge of the greens.  The earth's summit there allows f