or a fixed point of luminescence to shine through at dawn.  Ages ago, when the Durandanans inhabited this basin by the Valkyrie's blessing, we sought to harness the glow of the Light in hopes of better exalting its majesty."

	"So we constructed the towers," a stallion said.  "While also equipping them with sacred relics of the Gold Lights.  We were able to broadcast the glow throughout the basin, but it required three towers to do."

	Fawful continued.  "We adjust their height and rotate them at regular intervals.  By the grace of the Light's glory, we've relegated the glow to three magnified points in the day."

	"First Light... Second Light... and Final Light," Rainbow murmured with a nod.  "I get it.  The Towers are just projecting sunlight as it passes over the basin throughout the course of a day."  She smiled.  "That's so cool..."

	"We are blessed by its shine," Fawful said.  "It is one of the many signs of the Valkyrie's glory still at work in this land, along with the life-giving heat from the Gold Lights."

	"Uh huh."  Rainbow leaned forward.  "And where... are these Gold Lights."

	Fawful's eyes darted towards the other elders.

	They stared back.

	Fawful focused on Rainbow once again, smiling.  "One thing before another, Rainbow Dash.  We know you wish to comprehend who and what we are, and we feel the same way about you.  But... it is certainly challenging.  A lot of what you say is hard to fathom."

	"Yeah, okay..."  Rainbow nodded.  "No rush or anything..."

	"I'm afraid it's not exclusively up to me to share with you the majesty of the Gold Lights.  It is... very sacred to us."  Fawful chuckled slightly.  "It's an odd thing to even have to explain that fact to another pony.  You see, we've never once had a reason to prepare for speaking with an outsider about this."

	"Heh.  I get it.  It'd be like me trying to explain pizza or something."

	Fawful gave Rainbow a blank expression.

	"Erm..."  Rainbow cleared her throat.  "Did you... h-have more questions or something?"

	"Well..."  Fawful leaned back, smiling.  "I would absolutely love to hear more about where you came from."

	"What, you mean Equestria?"

	"Please.  If you wouldn't mind.  I am most excited to know more of this... multi-faceted landscape."

	"Well, you see, it's all really simple."  Rainbow leaned forward.  "It's a monarchy run by two matriarchs named—"  Just then, she froze, her expression paling.

	"What?"  Fawful blinked, her eyes bright with concern.  "Is something the matter, Rainbow?"

	"Erm..."  Rainbow shuddered with a crooked smile.  "Maybe we should... uh... g-go for a stroll or a flight or something?"

	The ponies exchanged curious glances, then stared collectively at her.

	Rainbow gulped and said, "You may need some fresh air for some of the stuff I'm about to tell you..."
		//------------------------------//
		// Take It Or Leave It		//------------------------------//

	"Focus... focus..."  Roarke paced around the petite mare before the southern clifface.  Several tiny rocks levitated between them, all covered in a glittering translucence that matched the green aura emanating from the filly's horn.  "Don't lose your grip.  Not even for an instance."

	"Heh... that's some tough talk," Kera said with a smirk.  She licked her lips and caused the pebbles to spin around them both.  "Coming from a not-unicorn such as yourself."

	"And you expect Dr. Bellesmith to treat you any better?"

	"Why don't you just call her 'Belle' at this point?"

	"You're not concentrating."

	"Pffft.  Like it's making a difference!"  Kera grinned.  "I'm rocking these... rocks!  Heehee!"

	"You're too confident.  Arrogance can prove to be your undoing.  No need to turn this lesson into your veritable swan song."

	"H-huh?"

	Roarke stood above her.  "I think I've tested enough of my weapons for the time being."  Her lenses pistoned outward.  "How about you get some practice out of the way instead."

	FWOOSH.

	Without warning, a dozen rockets launched from Roarke's suit and screamed towar