ds Kera.

	Kera yelped in surprise and instinctively lashed out with her telekinesis. The ensuing whip of energy lanced across the oncoming missiles, deflecting them over Roarke's stoic figure. Roarke didn't even flinch as they detonated across the cliff-face behind her with a deafening roar.

	As the noise faded and the dust settled, Kera managed to recover enough from her shock to speak.

	"H-Holy poopstains, Roarke!" Kera snarled angrily. "What the hay was that for?!"

	A moment of silence passed with no answer, before several multi-pod rocket launchers extended from Roarke's sides with a loud whirring of gears. As they fell into place, Roarke responded with only one word:

	"Practice."

	And two dozen ribbons of multi-hued smoke trailed the next salvo of missiles as they arced their way inexorably towards the filly, roasting her alive.

	"...Kera!"



	"Kera?  Kera!"

	"Nnnngh—guh..."  The filly's emerald eyes flashed open.  "Huh?"

	Before her, a heavy boulder five times the foal's size was floating in a field of green translucence.  Roarke trotted into view, her eye-lenses narrowing on the child.

	"You have to concentrate.  Just what were you thinking about just now?" Roarke asked.

	"Rrright..."  Kera gritted her teeth as bulbs of sweat collected across her tattooed brow.  "That this thing weighs a ton!"

	"Do not pretend that this is out of your element."  Roarke casually shoved the boulder with her hoof, causing the thing to twirl in the air, making Kera's levitation act all the more difficult.  "From what Bellesmith has said, you've handled far more challenging spells while in hiding with both her and Phoenix."

	"Yeah, well... grnngh... th-that was... a while ago," Kera's voice cracked.  The boulder wobbled more in midair.  "Couldn't we—I dunno—let me spin around some smaller rocks instead?  My head hurts..."

	"Kera, do you or do you not wish to improve your unicorn prowess?"

	"I-I do!  But—"

	"Then you need to push yourself harder," Roarke said firmly.  "You have what it takes to do ten times that which you're tackling right now.  I have full confidence in this."

	"I don't think I can—"

	"The filly who warded off a flock of undead pegasi is inside you still," Roarke said.  "You single-hoofedly saved the Noble Jury in a burst of righteous fury.  Somewhere, that filly is waiting to show herself.  Together, we are going to find her."

	Kera trembled slightly.  "I... I-I'm not sure that I want to... to..."

	"Shhhhh..."  Roarke stood over Kera.  "Concentrate.  This is child's play.  You could shatter this mountainside if you truly wanted to."

	Kera sighed.  Closing her eyes, she tried relaxing her muscles.  Slowly—with gradual strength—the boulder lifted higher and higher.

	"Good... good... keep focusing, Kera..."



	"How exactly do you do that?"

	"Hmmm?"  Eagle Eye tilted his head aside.

	Ebon pointed at the severed blades of grass flying in complex, intersecting figure-eights before them.  "How do you make them move in such whild yet beautiful patterns?"

	"Oh... uhm..."  Eagle Eye glanced down at his hooves. He was in the process of plucking more blades of grass from the ground and tossing them into the telekinetic field before them.  With a smirk, he shrugged and nestled deeper into the large roots of a tree where he and Ebon were lying side by side.  "The key is not to think about it so much."

	"Oh yeah?"

	"It's all about being in a relaxed state," Eagle said.  The blades of grass orbited the two stallions' heads.  "Not fretting too much, y'know?"

	"I see..."  Ebon sighed gently, leaning his head against the ex-mercenary's shoulder.  He produced a tired smile.  "And are you... relaxed right now?"

	"If by 'relaxed' you mean 'happy,' then sure."  Eagle smiled.  He tilted his horn forward and "blasted" the levitating pieces of vegetation, sending them into a wild flight over the rippling pond just a few feet away.  The tiny waterfall kept trickling into that end of the basin, causing a misty rainbow to appear in the n