oonday sunlight.  "It's very tranquil here.  Almost reminds me of—"

	"Lemme guess..."  Ebon smirked.  "Foxtaur."

	"A little bit, yeah."  Eagle nodded.  "But, all things considered, Foxtaur wasn't a place where I should have been even remotely relaxed."

	"Why not?" Ebon asked.  "You were safe from the eyes and ears of Queen Ledo.  At least at first."

	"Yes, but we were still AWOL soldiers, and despite how righteous we may or may not have been in our reasons to desert Ledomare, we were still wanted stallions, which kept us constantly just a sneeze away from being caught and executed."

	"Yeesh.  When you put it like that, it must have been unbearably stressful."

	"And yet, it wasn't.  For a few months there, everything was... as peaceful as could be," Eagle murmured.  "I wasn't on the Xonan front, so I didn't have to deal with random orders to kill civillians.  And I wasn't in Franzington, so I didn't have to deal with my family's cold distaste for who I was."

	"I'm... very sorry that you had to deal with such terrible things, Eagle," Ebon said.  "At no fault of your own."

	Eagle shrugged.  "I had to come to terms with a lot of major stuff in life, for sure, but I was still... y'know... overall happy."  He turned towards Ebon.  "In the end, it all comes down to who you choose to spend your time with.  In Foxtaur, I had Phoenix and Zenith..."  He gulped.  "And Crimson.  Sometimes they were pretty rough to handle, but..."  He smiled calmly.  "I had no doubt whatsoever that they cared for me... and for my well-being."

	Ebon gazed towards the pond waters.  "You must have been very happy with them."  A lavender hoof tilted his face until he was gazing into Eagle's eyes.

	"Not as happy as I am now," Eagle softly said.

	Ebon bit his lip, his eyes glistening slightly.  He leaned forward, nuzzling his head just beneath Eagle's chin.  The unicorn wrapped a hoof around the stallion's shoulder and held him close.  For the time being, Ebon's mane had a very pungent... very real scent to it.  Eagle concentrated on it, and it steadied his lungs so that he didn't sob as he embraced the stallion dearly.



	"And these Elements of Harmony..."  A Gray Feather squinted Rainbow's way from where he hovered in mid-air.  "...you were one of them?"

	"Oh.  Yes.  Still am, I guess you could say," Rainbow said.  She, Fawful, and a train of elders were slowly orbiting the lower stalk of the tower.  Young pegasi zipped back and forth above and below them, curiously glancing at the group as they congregated around the fluttering outsider.  "Together, the six of us embodied all that was snazzy and good about peace.  It came with some pretty cool fireworks too... heh.  More than once, we had to combine our powers to stop evil things from taking over the Kingdom of Equestria."

	"Was there some sort of process by which the half-dozen of you were selected to possess these Elements?" another elder inquired.  "It seems quite bold of Celestique and Elune to relinquish such power to ordinary citizens."

	"Celestia and Luna."

	"My apologies."

	Rainbow giggled.  "It's perfectly fine!  And, no, there wasn't a big process, per se.  In truth, I never thought all that much about it, but it's kinda like we were all destined to become bearers of the Elements.  We found out almost by accident, and it only made sense once we perceived how we all gelled together as friends..."

	"Upon the arrival of this 'Twilight Sparkle' to your life," Fawful said with a smile.

	Rainbow exhaled, smiling faintly.  "Yeah... it pretty m-much... all revolved around her."  She gulped.  "And she was Princess Celestia's well-trained student, so... there's that..."

	"Sounds remarkable," a stallion said.  "Instead of your First-Borns becoming elders, it seems as if you only relied on two."

	"And these princesses formed a Matriarchy," a mare said.  "Even more interesting.  Tell me—did these elders have heirs?"

	"Not... exactly..."  Rainbow stammered.  "I'm pretty sure they had every intention of ruling and governing Equestria for 