a long... long time..."

	"Well, surely they had to pass the torch onto somepony else in the not too distant future," an elder remarked.  "Nopony lives forever."

	Rainbow fidgeted in midair.

	Fawful cleared her throat.  "This has been very... very informative," Fawful said.  "However, seeing as Second Light has come and gone, and we've chosen to ignore the call to feast—might I suggest we take a break to compose ourselves?  I'm certain Rainbow Dash would enjoy the respite as well."

	"Oh... uhm... sure..."

	"Very well, Fawful," a mare said, bowing in mid-air.  "We shall reconvene later."

	"You were right about the fresh air, child," a stallion said, floating by Rainbow Dash with a wrinkly smile.  "It's served us well to meditate on your words, though I don't know why you would find them so troubling."

	"Eheheh... hey..."  Rainbow shrugged.  "Wasn't sure how much of Equestrian business you could easily swallow..."

	"Please, elders, enjoy your rest," Fawful said.  "I'll make sure that Rainbow Dash is given all of the ammenities she deserves."

	"Very well, Fawful."  A few elders bowed, turned, and floated towards the lower platform below.

	Rainbow took a deep breath.  "You know, for a while there, I was a teensy bit intimidated.  But they're all cool.  Really.  They're like a bunch of Sivrem's and Kitsune's only with their manes all dyed."  Rainbow chuckled dryly.  "And here I was expecting a room full of Jerrio's.  Heheheh—"

	"Rainbow, my little pony..."  Fawful turned and calmly gazed at the mare.  "I know you are hiding something."

	Rainbow instantly clammed up.

	But Fawful bore a gentle smile.  "Please.  Don't be afraid.  It's more than obvious that you're anxious about opening up to the other elders, but you need not hide anything from me."

	"Who's... h-hiding...?"

	"When you speak of Equestria..."  Fawful's red eyes narrowed.  "When you speak of your elders—the Princesses—you are leaving something out... something you're terribly afraid to share for some reason."

	Rainbow simply bit her lip.

	"Heheh..."  Fawful brushed her white bangs back.  "If you must know, Rainbow, the true reason I was chosen to be your direct contact here in Central D is because I am one of the youngest of the Gray Feathers.  I haven't lived so long in personal isolation and constant meditation—not like the others.  So, in many respects, I truly am like a Sivrem or a Kitsune.  The rest of the elders anticipated this—just as they anticipated that whatever you may have to share wtih me... the truth that you have to share with me could be quite eye-opening.  Please, Rainbow, you needn't fear shocking me like the others."

	Rainbow stared steadily at Fawful, gulping.  Eventually she spoke in a dry, raspy voice, "It's not so much about shocking... but it's about re-inventing.  Fawful... I..."

	"Do you truly believe that you are here completely by accident?"

	"Huh?"

	"You with your flying silver and your natural-born mane colors that match the description of the Valkyrie to a T?"

	Rainbow Dash was at a loss for words.

	Fawful flew in closer, speaking in a softer tone that only the two of them could hear.  "There is a very special reason for the Gray Feathers' existence.  Our lives serve a purpose that none of the second, third, and fourth-borns partake in.  We are protectors of the scrolls.  But we don't preserve just the scrolls' sanctity... but we also preserve their secrets... secrets that could be very alarming to the ponies who have sworn their very lives to honoring the Valkyrie's legacy."

	"What... k-kind of secrets?" Rainbow's voice cracked.

	"Truths that have mystified and perplexed us for generations," Fawful said.  "So that many Gray Feathers have been forced to take their enigmas with them to their graves."  She took a deep breath.  "I am hoping... all of us are hoping that a pony like you might be a sign..."

	"A sign of what?"

	"Illumination."

	Rainbow bit her lip.  She glanced over her shoulders, then looked back at the mare.  "Fawful, what if I 