was to tell you that... not only do I know who and what the Valkyrie was... but I also can tell you things you've never known about the Light From Above?"

	Fawful merely gazed at her.

	Rainbow sighed, face-hoofing.  "Nnnngh... who am I even kidding?  Nopony would believe me."  She gulped.  "I don't blame 'em."

	"Hmmm..."  Fawful smiled gently.  "Then perhaps a test is in order."  She twirled about and glided earthward.  "Follow me."

	"Huh?"  Rainbow blinked, then trailed after her.  "Where are we going?"

	"To show you the Gold Lights," Fawful said.

	Rainbow's eyes bulged.  "Wh-what?!  But... but I thought you guys said—"

	"Rainbow, this is something that I was personally tasked with doing," Fawful said.  "And if my assumption is correct, then this is a necessary step that we must take.  Do not worry—it is all for the best."  She glanced over her shoulder.  "Besides, do not pretend that you are completely devoid of curiosity yourself."

	"Heh... girl, you may not be an 'elder' but you've got the whole 'wisdom' schtick down pat."  Rainbow nodded her head.  "Light the way—er... you know what I mean."
		//------------------------------//
		// Totally Not a Light Bulb		//------------------------------//

	Beneath the glowing beacon of Central D, beneath the mushroom-shaped platforms and buildings built along the wooden stalk, beneath even the treeline and rugged clefts of earth, there was a solid floor of wooden planks.  They covered the surface of the earth that bordered the southwest edge of the tower.  Down here, a quartet of pegasi stood at attention, their forelimbs girded with stone-carved javelins.  Two were First-Borns and the other two were Gray Feathers.  While they stood in a tight circle, facing opposite directions, they nevertheless engaged in casual conversation, even affording a chuckle or two among themselves.

	When they heard hoofsteps approach, they were naturally calm about turning to observe who had arrived.  Upon seeing Rainbow Dash at Fawful's side, however, they jumped with a start, their eyes widening in the dim shadows of the lowermost platform above.

	"Rest easy," Fawful said, nodding her gray head.  "We need access to the Lower Reaches."

	The First-Borns exchanged nervous glances.

	"Fawful... how is it that you mean 'we?'" one of the Gray Feathers asked.

	"Is there a problem, Dressen?"

	"It's just that..."  The old stallion fidgeted, avoiding Rainbow's gaze.  "She may appear First-Born, but... sh-she's an outsider, Fawful."

	"The only outsider," one of the First-Borns nervously stammered, shivering slightly.  "I mean, should we?  Is... is th-this allowed?"

	"I was charged with caring after Rainbow Dash during the extent of her stay here in Central D," Fawful said, smiling calmly.  "The head elders trust my wisdom in this matter.  In order to better understand each other, it's imperative that I let her see the Lower Reaches."

	"Including..."  The other First-Born bit his lip.  "...the Gold Lights?"

	"Shhhh..."  The other elder, a mare, rested her hooves on both First-Borns.  She stepped forward and bestowed Fawful an aged smiled.  "It is true.  You are responsible for Rainbow Dash, Fawful."

	Rainbow Dash blinked at that.
	
	The mare chuckled slightly.  "Surprised?  Your name has become well-spoken of around here.  Everything I've heard about you has been exemplary."

	"Oh.  Well, that's cool."  Rainbow stirred slightly.  "I-I guess."

	Fawful nodded.  "Elders, may we?"

	The old mare turned towards the two young pegasi and let loose a chirping sound.

	They twirled their polearms around, revealing hooks on the opposite ends.  These, they latched onto tiny notches built into a square panel of the wooden floor.  With grunts and heaving muscles, they swiveled the panel open on its hinges, revealing a stone-carved stairwell leading crookedly down into a deep, dark abyss.

	Rainbow craned her neck, curiously.

	"Thank you, Gren.  Auburn."  Fawful brushed past the two and trotted gracefully down the steps.  "Rainbow...?"

	"Er...