 right..."  Rainbow trotted swiftly after her.

	The elder stallion called out: "The group is still down there, meditating on Second Light."

	"Understood, Dressen," Fawful said back.  "We shan't disturb them."

	As the two mares made their way down—Fawful trotting and Rainbow hovering—they heard the creek of the latched door shutting above.  Darkness overcame them.

	"Uhhh..." Rainbow fidgeted in midair.  She gazed straight up at a ceiling comprised of countless slits of dim sunlight.  "They're gonna let us back out... r-right?"

	Fawful managed a raspy giggle.  "But of course.  We are merely visiting.  I make trips down here daily.  All Gray Feathers do."

	"Uh... okay..."  Rainbow gulped.  "So... wh-what kind of a pit is this anyway?"

	"You shall see," Fawful said.  Suddenly, she sensed a ruby light behind her.  She glanced over her shoulder.

	Rainbow blushed, taking her hoof off her ruby pendant.  "S-sorry.  Force of habit."

	"That's quite alright."  Fawful continued descending the steps.  "You must be used to entering dark caverns."

	"Girl, don't you know it."

	"Hmmm... amusing."

	"What is?"

	"Nopony has called me 'girl' in years."

	"Awwww... Well that's a shame."

	"I think otherwise.  I'm honored to be a Gray Feather."

	"Guess it's one heck of a retirement plan, huh?"

	"Hmmm?  Retirement plan?"

	"Er... my bad.  Equestrian humor."  Rainbow squinted.  "Jeez... for real, though.  How do you walk so confidently down steep stone steps in the dark—"

	Before Rainbow had even finished her sentence, the ground evened out.  Fawful stepped confidently onto a polished granite straightaway.  She smiled with bright teeth.  "As I said... daily."

	"Yeah, okay..."  Rainbow nodded with a smirk as they both proceeded towards a dim light at the far end of the cavern.  Her voice echoed against the high walls of the place.  "Yeesh, this place is huge.  Kind of a freaky location to build a tall wooden tower, huh?"

	"I assure you, Central D has a firm foundation.  We constructed ut here for a purpose.  It was the first part of the basin where we Durandanans settled.  Fitting that it would be nearly in the center, as you so perceive it."

	"That seems... uhhh—"

	"Fortuitous?  We're inclined to agree."

	"You know, ever since I came here, I haven't had a single one of you guys tell me straight just how you showed up here.  And... ugh... please don't tell me that you remember your culture as having always lived here."

	"Everything has a beginning, Rainbow Dash," Fawful said as they approached a tunnel flanked by lamps full of lightning bugs.  Another set of descending steps—this time less steep—led down the winding stone passageway.  Fawful slipped in first with undaunted grace.  "That's one reason why I brought you down here.  I feel that you have as much to teach us as we have to teach you."

	Rainbow touched down, blinking.  "Really?"

	"Do you find that so hard to believe?"

	"Honestly, yeah..."  Rainbow trotted slowly after her, ducking wherever a flickering was hung in the crooked, sloping hallways.  "I mean... I know stuff.  Or at least I think I know stuff, but... I-I've been crazy-afraid of stepping on everypony's hooves."

	"A reasonable concern," Fawful said, nodding.  "But perhaps a bit too anxious."

	"You really think so?"

	"I'm a considerably young elder, Rainbow Dash," Fawful said.  "I'm... still getting used to being a protector of the scrolls.  My youth betrays me often, for I am ever so frequently pining for the days of flight and romance that carried me daily over the mists of this valley."

	"Yeah..." Rainbow winced slightly.  "That's gotta suck..."

	"And yet, the other elders believe that I am gifted with sharp perception," she said calmly.  "That is the reason that they chose me to be a direct representative in communicating with you, or at least I like to think so."

	"Oh yeah?"  Rainbow smirked.  "And just what do you perceive about me?"

	Fawful paused to turn and face her.  "I sense that you are not here to sow stri