fe or confusion.  I believe that your courage and your sincerity are one and the same, and what you do and the way you do it is what defines you.  If you thought that being here in Durandana would be a damaging thing, then I doubt you would have stuck around for as long as you have."

	"Heh..."  Rainbow brushed her bangs back a bit.  "You sense all that, huh?"

	"Mmmhmmm."  Fawful smile.  "Also, your eyes linger on the flanks of mares."

	Rainbow bumped into a wall.  "Gahhh—I... uhhhh.. th-that's not what I'm here f—!"

	"Shhhh!" Fawful suddenly hissed.

	Rainbow squatted, wincing.  "None of the elders, though, I swear!  Please, don't think that I'm some kind of a—"

	"Relax," Fawful said, gesturing slowly forward.  "We simply need to keep our voices low for this part of the Lower Reaches."  She shuffled ahead, and it was then that Rainbow noticed equine shadows dancing against the walls.  "They are meditating..."

	"Who?"  Rainbow blinked.  Then, as she slinked ahead, her eyes grew less tense.  "Ohhhh..."

	The two mares threaded their way through a group of Gray-Feathers, all spread out and seated in various places.  Some of them faced the walls of the stone compartments.  Others huddled under flickering lamps.  It didn't matter either way, because most of them had their eyes shut.  All the while they chanted and murmured repetitive prayers, often rocking back and forth from where they were seated.

	Rainbow glanced aside.  Every now and then, she caught sight of a mare or stallion with an old dusty scroll spread open before them.  Their wings were stretched forward, framing the edges of the parchment and holding the pages down as they read and read and re-read choice passages.

	"The Valkyrie left us many words to focus on," Fawful murmured, snapping Rainbow back to the path they were trotting.  "Some of them make sense.  Then a lot of them don't.  We pay close attention to every one of them, regardless, in faith that clarity awaits the good servants of the Light in the Windlessness to come."

	"Windlessness?" Rainbow whispered back.

	Fawful stole a glance over her shoulder.  "The calm beyond death, of course."

	"Er... of c-course..."

	"Without wind—or even air—only the glory of the Valkyrie will keep us afloat, as it has allowed us to survive for so long in this basin."  Fawful brushed a hoof across a stone pillar as she trotted forward.  "After all, it helped Duranda's ponies survived in the Days of Dimness."

	"Days of Dimness.  Gotcha—" Rainbow did a double-take.  "Wait."  She winced, then galloped forward until she was even-neck with Fawful so she could whisper: "Duranda?  Am I hearing that right?"

	"Mmmhmmm..."  Fawful turned to smile at the mare.  "She was a brave and selfless soul, one of the few whom even the scrolls confirmed had witnessed the Valkyrie when she flew through the air.  When Duranda awoke upon the greens, she had very few ponies to aid her.  Many were sick and dying; so starved were they of the Light From Above.  But Duranda's quick thinking and wisdom spared the foals of the Valkyrie from certain oblivion.  She built a shelter here in the Lower Reaches—simply to survive.  Little did they know that they would unlock the majesty of this place, for down in these depths is where they found the Gold Lights."

	"Huh... then I guess this place was—"

	"In honor of her indomitable spirit, we have since named our realm after her.  She was a brave soul, harboring a courage that cost her her life far too soon.  She may only have been a mere pony, but she exalted the Valkyrie with great vigor.  We have all since learned from our sparrow years to follow her example, and it's not let us down in the least."

	"Yeah.  I can see that."  Rainbow glanced aside as the two walked down the crooked stone floor.  "Well, for what it's worth, looks like you guys have chosen the best sort of heroes to—"  She froze in place, hooves scuffling.

	Fawful trotted a few steps, stopped, and looked back.  "Rainbow?" Her red eyes darted about, and her ears folded in c