oncern.  "Rainbow, is everything alright?"

	Rainbow's eyes were twitching.  She took a few steps forward and placed a hoof on the wall before her.

	Three rings were etched into the stone.  Even through the dust and soot, she could spot twelve segments on each of them.

	"Urohringr..." Rainbow murmured.

	Fawful's brow furrowed.  "I..."  She leaned forward.  "What was that?"

	Rainbow hovered backwards, taking in the full extent of the etching.  She glanced down the wall, and immediately her heart skipped a beat.  Hauntingly familiar images of pegasi leapt at one another amidst impressionistic designs of cosmic stars and nebulae.

	"Pegasi," Rainbow murmured, hovering now on blurred wings.  Her muzzle hung agape as she scanned down illustration after illustration.  "The 'angels' that the Herald spoke of... from before the Sundering..."

	"I... I am confused, Rainbow Dash," Fawful said, shuffling over to catch up with the scrambling mare.  "Do you... somehow recognize the Valkyrie's Symbols?"

	Rainbow spun to gawk at her.  "Valkyrie's what-now?"

	"Her Symbols," Fawful said.  She cleared her throat.  "They are very sacred to us.  From what the elders understand of the scrolls that Duranda preserved, they are meant as a warning of the coming Windlessness and how we must preserve the Valkyrie's glory to surpass oblivion."

	Rainbow turned to face the symbols once more.  "A warning..."

	"That is why they stand upon the threshhold of the Valkyrie Silver... which lies ahead..."  Fawful squinted, trotting up until she was right beneath Rainbow.  "Rainbow, are you feeling okay...
?"

	"I feel... I feel..."  Rainbow turned around.  She gazed down the way which they came.  Through the combined aura of the various lanterns, she made out chambers, columns, and perfectly cut walls of smoothe granite.  "We're inside a sentinel," she murmured to herself.  "Or j-just a piece of one..."  She gulped and flew back before the Urohringr symbol.  "We were right all along... this is Stratopolis.  It has to be."

	"These words that you're using..."  Fawful shook her worried face.  "They are... very strange."

	"Sorry.  I'm just... erm... h-having something of an epiphany right now."

	"Would you mind sharing it?"

	Rainbow exhaled.  "Not until I get a better grasp of the full picture."  She turned calmly towards Fawful from where she hovered.  "Please... may I see the Gold Lights, now?"



	Fawful led Rainbow through five more turns and corners.  Finally, they came upon a straightaway, and this was where the interior changed.  At some point about five meters down the stretch, the stone floor cracked at an odd angle.  Thick wooden pillars had been erected between the floor and a partially collapsed ceiling.  Nevertheless, there was still enough room to proceed, and a patch of sundered earth was covered with wooden planks.

	The Gray-Feather escroting Rainbow had to trot carefully along this point.  Rainbow simply flew through the niche, ducking beneath the jagged ceiling.  On the other end, she saw the hallway ending abruptly before what appeared to be an enormous dull expanse.  In the center of the chamber ahead, a pulsating gold light hung in a circle, like a spotlight was shining straight down from the distant ceiling above.

	Before they entered the next spot, Fawful paused.  She knelt down low, extended her wings forward, and murmured a breathy prayer.  Then, with a flick of her tail, she stood up and stepped boldly onto a strange floor.

	Rainbow looked straight down.

	Where the stone ended, an immaculately polished sheet of metal began.  It proceeded forward at a perfectly even angle, with several geometric grooves and lines winding across it as far as her eyes could see in the darkness.

	"This is the Valkyrie Silver," Fawful said quietly, though her tiny voice echoed immensely across the incomprehensible expanse.

	This forced Rainbow to spin around towards the tunnel exit, upon which she gawked at the sight of a huge chunk of gray stone resting eternally at a jagged angle against the