 pony.”

    ”You sure it’s an equine?”

    “I doubt the extra horseshoes are for eating.”

    ”Can you see the communications array, at least?”

    “Looking as we speak.”  Rainbow Dash trotted along the corridor, sweeping her vision across the firelit resources.  “Sure is dank in here.  I wonder how much oxygen there is to burn.”

    ”There’s probably an air leak that connects to the atmosphere above the iceberg.”

    Crkkkkkk-kkkk!

    Rainbow Dash paused, staring at the ceiling.  “Thank you both for reminding me what’s at stake here.”  She proceeded forward.  “Lots of junk around this part of the ship.”

    ”You mean tools and metal machine parts and the like?”

    “You’ve seen one, you’ve seen them all.”

    ”I knew it!  Uncle Prowse can never sit around without tinkering on something!  He’s gotta be there!”

    “Hold your blondie, horses… er…”  Rainbow Dash rolled her eyes and sighed.  “You know what I mean…”

    ”Have you seen any transprocketed bilateral strut casings?  He can make those babies in his sleep!”

    “No… I’m… uh… just seeing a bunch of crap.”  Rainbow Dash hovered to a stop, blinking.  “And I think I’m seeing the crappiest bit of all.”

    ”Huh?”

    “It’s the communication array.  I’m staring right at it.  At least I think I am.”  Rainbow flew closer to a jagged console with exposed wires and dimly glowing blue diodes.  “It’s looking like it just threw its own guts out after eating spoiled daffodil alfredo.”

    ”I-I’m sure it’s just water damage!”

    “It’s about the cruddiest I’ve seen a pony-built structure since I flew over Silvadel.”  Rainbow Dash sighed.  “Props, it doesn’t look like anypony’s been around to repair this thing in ages.”

    ”What… what do you mean, Dashie?”

    “I dunno, Props.  But it’s not looking good.  If your Uncle Prowse was really around, I’m sure he wouldn’t let this thing go to waste like it did.”  Rainbow hung her head.  “I hate to be such a downer, but it might be time that we expect the worst--Mmmmmmmffff!”

    A metal forelimb with multiple digits had wrapped around Rainbow’s muzzle from behind.

    “Ye bit yer blue boggin bawbag yoo've got yerself th' warst, ye huddy tube!”  The world spun around Rainbow as she was lifted in a violent bear-hug--”Hrraaaaaaaugh!”--and suplexed through a wooden box behind her.  Smassssh!

    Rainbow’s sound stone fell loose, rattling towards the far end of the chamber.  ”Dashie?!  Dashie, come in!  Dashiiiiiiie!” Props’ voice strobed against a sudden onslaught of darting shadows.

    “Unnngh…”  Seeing stars, Rainbow struggled to stand up.  A heavy weight pressed against her from behind.  “Gughh!”

    “Yoo've come tae steal uir lit, eh?”  A hoof and a metal hand gripped Rainbow’s skull from behind.  “Aam gonnae skelp yer fizzog aff tae Spark's blazes, ye loopin wanker!”

    “Grnnnngh!”  Rainbow spread her wings, knocking the weight off to give her space to slam the attacker in the groin.

    “Ach, my bloody knob!”

    “Yaaaugh!”  Rainbow flew her elbow back,  Her tingling skin felt the hint of a beard, then struck all cranium.  Whud!

    “Ooomf!”  The body stumbled back with uneven hoofsteps.

    Rainbow backflipped, twirled in mid-air, and turned--snarling--towards her attacker.  “Okay, who ordered the concussion with a side of fries?!”

    “Grrrrrr!”  A tall, lanky horse with a scraggly red tail and an even scragglier tail stood--cross-legged--glaring at Rainbow through a squinting eye.  “Yoo're a reit jobby bastart!  Snuck in frae winter's oothoose tae hae a go at mah wares, huh?!”

    Rainbow frowned.  “I think I’ll settle for your face, you overgrown redwood forest--”

    Clakka-clak-clak!  The stallion’s metal left forelimb converted into a boomstick, burning bright red.

    “Luna poop!”  Rainbow turned