 metallic floor.  Around and above her where she hovered, a domed hollow of exposed earth, rock, and dust lingered just beyond the penumbra of light.

	"And this..."  Fawful's voice caused Rainbow to look ahead.  The elder stood a before a wooden pedestal flanked by four ponies—once more, two Gray-Feathers and two First-Borns.  "...is the source of the Gold Lights."  She stepped aside, allowing Rainbow to see what was on top of the platform.

	Rainbow squinted.

	She saw a gold helmet, stained with the decay of time.  All across its top, several tiny fibrous strands stuck out at every angle.  She could faintly detect multiple colors clashing and mixing all at once.  Glancing down, Rainbow could see a pulsating halo of light emanating from where the wooden pedestal made contact with the metallic floor.  The smooth curves and geometric lines shimmered with living energy.  Beyond the sphere of influence, the metal was dull, dim, but no less shiny.

	Rainbow sucked in her breath.  Once again, she gazed at the helmet.  A pair of blue hooves clasped over her muzzle, and she clenched her eyes shut with a shudder.

	"Yes... the... the sheer power of the Valkyrie is overwhelming to anypony," Fawful said with a reassuring power.  "At first, our ancestors had no idea that the Gold Lights would be here to bless us.  But then, on one fateful occasion, Duranda brought this artifact down here while she was seeking shelter for the foals of the Valkyrie.  Not long after they discovered the unblemished silver of this realm, it began issuing unworldly illuminescence—directly in response to the last piece of the Valkryie's essence.  It was immediately afterwards that Duranda and everypony with him knew that the Lights From Above had blessed the surviving remnant of the Air's Protector, for they had given this sign to mirror the glory that awaits us every dawn."

	"I..."  Rainbow Dash exhaled with a shuddering breath, lowering her hooves.  "I know wh-what this is..."  She reopened her ruby eyes thinly.  "This... essence of the Valkyrie—"

	"Contained within the helm," Fawful said, pointing atop the pedestal.

	Rainbow stared squarely at her.  "It's her mane hair, isn't it?"  She glanced at two of the guards.  "Is that why you're dying yourselves to look like her?  Because of this?"

	"Elder?"  One of the First-Borns leaned towards her, eyes on Rainbow.  "Who have you brought to gaze upon the Gold Lights...?"

	"Shhh..."  Fawful placed a hoof on her shoulder.  "It's okay.  Trust me."  She turned to look up at Rainbow.  "The scrolls that Duranda preserved also maintain who and what the Valkyrie looked like in her physical form.  We emulate her out of reverence, an honor that is carried out by the First-Borns and then humbly sacrificed upon achieving the status of elder."

	"Right... right.  I-I get all of that.  But... but you see..."  Rainbow winced, sighed, and ultimately muttered, "Fawful, I... I knew who the Valkyrie was before I even arrived here."

	The guards glanced nervously at each other.

	"You mean..."  Fawful smiled brightly.  "...before you arrived from beyond the greens?"  She took a bouncy step forward.  "That is delightful to know, Rainbow!  It means that the glory of the Valkyrie extends to all realms!  If she spoke to your heart, then surely the scrolls—"

	"It's... not like that.  She..."  Rainbow gulped.  At last, she sputtered, "In Equestria, we have a different name for her:  Commander Hurricane."

	The two First-Borns immediately exchanged wild expressions.

	"Commander... What?" one of the two elders stammered.

	"She was the military leader of a kingdom in the sky... a cloud city named Pegasopolis.  It belonged to winged ponies—just like you and me—only thousands and thousands of years ago.  After a horrible winter that lasted over a decade, the pegasus formed an alliance with other ponies in the land—most famously the earth ponies and unicorns.  Equestria was founded, and the remaining Alicorns—ponies with both wings and magical horns—ruled over the land as monarchs