.  Not long after, a terribly nasty cloud city flew in out of nowhere.  Commander Hurricane took it up on herself to steer this cursed thing away from Equestria before it could destroy the newly-formed kingdom.  She took a bunch of pegasus soldiers and warriors with her, and they were never seen or heard from again... until I stumbled upon what remained of the ill-fated city once fabled to be called 'Stratopolis.'"

	Fawful blinked.  "Stratopolis...?" she murmured.

	"Fawful, what is this all about?!" an elder exclaimed.

	The other pointed.  "Is this the outsider whom Sivrem spoke of?"

	"I... I..."

	"Please... just..."  Rainbow Dash clenched her teeth and shook two hooves in front of her.  "Just hear me out!  The reason I know the Valkyrie is because I had always grown up learning about her as a kid!  And then—to my surprise—I totally stumbled upon the place of her last stand!  I saw a magical projection of her, delivering a message.  I even saw an effigy of her on her tomb and—"

	"Her tomb?!" one of the elders blurted.

	"Why... wh-why is she speaking of the Valkyrie in this way?" A First-Born stammered.  "Fawful...?"

	"Rainbow Dash, do you actually—"  Fawful winced, straightened her bleached bangs, and composed herself.  "You mean to state that she is an Equestrian?"

	"You mean from a realm beyond the greens?" an elder barked.  "Preposterous!"

	"Look," rainbow said.  "I know this sounds crazy—"

	"Why've you brought this pony here?" a First-Born growled.  "To the Gold Lights?!  This place is sacred!  And yet you let her speak like this?"

	"Everypony, please, just calm down!"  Fawful exclaimed, spinning.  "Let us not be quick to anger!"  Taking a deep breath, she turned and gazed up at Rainbow.  "Rainbow, if that was even somehow remotely true, how is it that the Valkyrie Silver reacts to her essence?"

	"Well... that... uh..."

	"Clearly, she was fated to have arrived here, in the hooves of Duranda.  It was a message meant to keep us on the path of exalting the Lights From Above.  I... I-I fail to see how cloud cities such as 'Pegasopolis' and 'Stratopolis' have anything to do with this matter—"

	"Because I think that there's more to the story than what you guys get from the scrolls!"  Rainbow gulped.  "Fawful, you yourself said that 'everything has a beginning.'  Well, that's just what I'm trying to get at here!  I suspected it for a while, but I didn't want to open my mouth until I saw all of the evidence before my very eyes.  Well, now I've seen it, and—clear as day—this is all related to Commander Hurricane!  Someway, somehow, I'm dead-certain that everypony who lives here is descended from a piece of the expedition that commandeered the cloud city most ponies beyond the green called 'Stratopolis.'"

	Fawful opened her mouth to respond, but an angry elder stallion brushed past her and growled:  "And just how do you intend to explain our arriving here?"

	"I... I don't know... but you did."

	"In a flying cloud city?"

	"It... nnngh... it wasn't all clouds!"  Rainbow spun and pointed at the granite structure that housed the tunnel exit.  "That's one of the buildings that flew in it!"

	"A flying structure..."

	"Yes!  Just like the Noble Jury—an example of 'flying Valkyrie Silver' that got me and my friends here from beyond the greens, only this thing was powered by something else."  She spun to glance down at Fawful.  "Fawful, those symbols I saw along the way here—they're the same kind of things I saw while my friends and I were stranded inside Stratopolis not long ago!  I think something caused it to crash-land here, and afterwards Duranda and her fellow pegasus soldiers had to make do with what they had and rebuild a society in this strange crater!"

	"And what of the majesty of the Valkyrie?" the aged stallion remarked, frowning.  "And the power of the Lights From Above that are imbued in her glory?"

	Rainbow shook her head, wincing.  "I-I... I can't—"

	"Rainbow, so much of what you claim is... unbelievably far-fetched.  Don't you 