understand that?" Fawful said, her face awash with concern.  "I refuse to think that you have any intention of deceiving us.  Nevertheless, I implore you to look deep down and ask yourself just why it is you believe these things..."

	"You wanted answers, didn't you?" Rainbow Dash's voice cracked.  "I'm trying to give you some!"

	"On what claim?!" the other elder spoke up.  "That your outsider history somehow validates the insults that you've launched at the Valkyrie's legacy?"

	"It's... it's more than that," Rainbow murmured.  "This metal place... this machine world... I-I've seen it before... like a gazillion times."

	"'Machine... world...?'" one of the First-Borns stammered.

	"And... and..."  Rainbow sucked in her breath, closed her eyes, and spoke through tight lips.  "I think I may actually be related to Commander Hurricane."

	One of the elders almost fainted.

	"Related... to the Valkyrie, Rainbow?" Fawful exhaled in shock.

	"Enough is enough!"  The old stallion adjusted his gray mane and shouldered his way past the First-Borns.  He marched towards Rainbow, snarling up at her.  "Listen here, outsider, you will not blemish the glory of everypony's Righteous Mother!  We don't need the likes of you down here!  This is a sacred place!  The essence of the Valkyrie—contained in this helm—has produced the Gold Lights for eons, and it will continue to do so long after your eggshell soul has fallen into Windlessness—"

	Rainbow clenched her jaw.  Coiling her wings to her side, she dropped straight down.  Cl-Clank!  Her hooves made contact with the metal floor, and instantly pulsated with four round halos of shimmering light.

	A swift shriek escaped Fawful's lips.  She stumbled backwards, eyes bulging as she held a hoof over her muzzle.

	The stallion stood dead-still, his eyes locked on the glowing flood of light issuing outward from Rainbow Dash in every angle.

	One First-Born shivered in his avian armor.  The other immediately dropped his javelin and fell down in a panicked state, bowing towards Rainbow—at least until the other elder fiercely yanked the timid youngster back up to his hooves.

	All five Durandanans watched in stunned silence as the gold light spread further and further from the living pegasus.  Soon, the entire chamber was as bright as day, illuminating the entire earthen ceiling along with every crooked crevice along the corners.

	Fawful was slowly twirling about, whimpering indecipherable words into her hooves as her teary eyes darted across every golden sheen.

	"Fawful," Rainbow murmured.

	Fawful kept spinning, trembling.

	"Fawful..."  Rainbow marched firmly towards her and grasped the mare's hooves.  "Look at me."

	The elder's frightened eyes locked with Rainbow's.  A tear or two trickled down.

	Rainbow smiled calmly.  "I don't understand it either," she said.  Slowly, she flapped her wings, lifting her legs off the ground but not letting go of Fawful's hooves.  The room gradually dimmed, the gold light pulsating a few more times in the last spot where the pegasus' limbs made contact.  "But perhaps we can find out together, okay?"

	Fawful simply gazed at her, lips trembling.

	"Hey, c'mere..."  Rainbow tugged at the mare.  The Gray-Feather's wings nervously flapped, and soon she was hovering in Rainbow's tight embrace, her head gazing blankly over her shoulder as they hugged.  "Tell me," Rainbow said quietly.  "What do you sense?"

	Fawful's hyperventilation came to a gradual end.  She gulped hard, and said in a shaky voice, "C-Confusion."  Her face scrunched up as she fought another sob.  "N-nothing but confusion..."

	Rainbow gently patted her shoulder, gazing at the helm on the pedestal below them.  "You and me both, girl..."
		//------------------------------//
		// Nopony Expects the Durandanan Inquisition(!)		//------------------------------//

	Several Gray-Feathers stood side by side, all bunched up in a thick crowd at the tunnel's stone exit to the metal-floored chamber.  They murmured amongst each other, craning their necks 