to see Rainbow Dash and Fawful.

	"Is it true...?"

	"She makes her own Gold Lights?"

	"Impossible!  Only the essence of Valkryie can create the Lights!"

	"But the First-Borns say they saw her!"

	"Could it be outsider sorcery?"

	"Not a chance!  Look at her.  She's a foal of the Valkyrie just like the rest of us!"

	"This doesn't make sense..."

	"Duranda's scrolls would have mentioned something—"

	"Please... please!"  The elder stallion stood before the group, stretching out both his wings and his forelimbs.  "Everypony, calm down!  There is no need for this juvenile display!  Be calm.  Meditate!  The Valkyrie's righteous intution shall make itself known to us!"  He sighed, turned around, and gave Fawful a tired gaze.  "Would you wish me to summon the high elders?  If so, then I will need help passing by all of our fellow companions here..."

	"Not... not just yet," Fawful stammered.  She paced and paced before the helm, her hooves brushing over the half-illuminescent sheets of metal.  "I... I-I just need a moment to think."

	"Fawful," Rainbow murmured from where she hovered above.

	"Just..."  She gritted her teeth, staring ahead of her at all times while she trotted in circles.  "Just concentrate... focus."  She gulped.  "Nothing Duranda taught suggests that a pegasus couldn't possess the Gold Lights from the Valkyrie.  After all, we are all her foals.  Why shouldn't she choose to hoof down even the barest sliver of her glory?"

	"Please, girl... would you..."  Rainbow winced.  "Would you relax for one second?  You're making me anxious just watching you!"

	"There's... th-there's no reason to say that any of this invalidates the scrolls!"  Fawful skidded to a stop, shuddering.  "But the light... the light was so bright... and... and..."

	Rainbow's hoof rested on Fawful's shoulder.

	"Mmm!"  The elder spun, taring up at Rainbow with twitching eyes.

	Rainbow gulped and smiled.  Slowly, that grin faded away.  Her ears drooped and she glanced aside.  "Look, I'm... I-I'm sorry..."

	Fawful stared up at her, shivering slightly.  "Why?"

	Rainbow looked at Fawful once more.

	Fawful was still, quiet.

	After a breath, Rainbow gently said, "Look, I-I didn't come here to rain on your parade.  What you all hold faith in, it totally works for you!  I mean... you've got a pretty nifty society goin' on here!  Fruit-picking, leatherback-milking, flight-racing and love-making?"  She grinned.  "That's all awesome!  And I'm super happy to witness it all up close.  So please... believe me..."

	She hovered lower until she was a few inches from Fawful's gaze.

	"I didn't mean to come down so hard on what you believe in," Rainbow said in a low tone.  "It was never my wish to shatter beliefs or crush hopes or any of that jazz.  I have nothing against this 'Valkyrie.'  Heck, if she truly is the pony I think she is, then I believe in her too!  Er... more or less.  But... please, Fawful... understand."  Rainbow bit her lip.  "I'm not out to tear your faith to shreds.  I-I wouldn't have anything to friggin' gain from that!  I wouldn't want to gain anything from it!  All things considered, I'm just passing through!"

	"But... the Gold Lights!" Fawful stammered, her eyes turning misty again.  "You... y-you summoned them."  She gulped, shivering.  "Nopony h-has ever been able to summon them without the essence of the Valkyrie..."

	"Yeah, well, now that I have..."  Rainbow hesitated slightly, then muttered, "Just what does it mean to you Gray-Feathers?"

	"I..."  Fawful grimaced.  "I do not know."  She gazed at the crowd of onlookers.  "Already, even the slightest hint of what's happened here has made everypony... uneasy.  I am less scared of what this means about the scrolls and more scared of what it means to every Durandanan."

	Rainbow held her breath.  She turned, glanced at the onlookers, then looked back at Fawful.  "Maybe they don't have to know."

	Fawful's eyes twitched.  "Wh-what?"

	"Sivrem saw me do a sonic rainboom up above!  In the Raked Ravine!"  Rainbow smiled sw