eatily.  "I-I'm full of tricks!"  She gestured with her hooves, wings beating heavily.  "Fwooosh!  Zooom!  Ker-sparkle!!  Heh... perhaps it was all an optical illusion, y'know?  Silly guards are down here for hours on end—maybe their eyes just played tricks on them!  Heh!  Yours too!"

	"Rainbow..."

	"Or, y'know, 'outsider sorcery!'  Nopony knows what crazy, wacky stuff happens beyond the greens!"

	"Rainbow, don't be dishonest," Fawful said with a frown.  "Even I can tell that it doesn't suit you."

	Rainbow winced.

	"It didn't work with Kitsune when you tried to pretend you were from East D, and it most certainly will not work here."  Fawful gestured towards the onlookers.  "Not before all of the Gray-Feathers, especially."

	Rainbow hung her head.

	Fawful trotted firmly towards her.  "What else... do you know about the Lights?"  Her brow furrowed.  "About the Valkyrie?"

	Rainbow opened her mouth, but hesitated.  She stared forlornly at Fawful.

	The elder mare waited with baited breath.

	"What..."  Rainbow fidgeted in midair.  "...what if I told you that... th-that the Valkyrie was imbued with more than just the power to make these 'Gold Lights?'"  Rainbow's eyes narrowed.  "What if I told you that she was given power to wield the energy of the Lights From Above?"

	Fawful nodded slowly.  "That would be in accordance with the scrolls..."

	"Right..."  Rainbow flew in a slow circle.  "And... like... what if there was—uh—an artifact, just like that helmet over there—only it was a direct vessel for the Lights?"

	"You mean something that could make the lights on its own?"

	"Erm... almost.  But it so happened that the Valkyrie possessed it."

	Fawful gave Rainbow a blank stare.

	So the pegasus went on:  "And... like... what if one of us—a mere pegasus—was to... er... stumble upon this artifact?"

	"What kind of artifact are we talking about?"

	"A sword," Rainbow Dash said.  "A sword blessed with golden energy—like a living sunrise."  She took a deep breath.  "And... uh... it was something the Valkyrie used while she was still 'ruling the air.'"

	Fawful eventually nodded.  "The immensity of the Valkyrie's power has always held various interpretations in the minds of her foals.  I can't see why a sword wouldn't factor into her righteous arsenal."

	"I mean... she was totally a warrior, right?"

	"Every Durandanan knows that—even from a sparrow's age."

	Rainbow's eyes darted towards the helment.  "How do you suppose Duranda got ahold of that?"

	"She was given it by the Valkyrie herself."

	"They knew each other in real life, right?"

	"But of course.  She was one of the few who was blessed to share breaths with the Valkyrie."

	"And... like... what if history was different?"

	"Huh?"

	"Hear me out," Rainbow said, gesturing with a hoof.  "What if Duranda was never directly given the helmet?  What if she found the helmet... later... much later..."

	"You mean... as if the Valkyrie visited Durandana?"

	"I'm talking about finding it on the Valkyrie's grave, Fawful."

	A few voices gasped from afar.  Fawful glanced over.  She shared worried looks with the stallion and other Gray-Feathers.  Finally, she tilted her eyes back up to Rainbow.  "Nopony knows the time or location of the Valkyrie's passing.  She lives eternally in our blood.  To... to assume anything about her final resting place is shameful."

	"Well I know where she was laid to rest, Fawful," Rainbow said.  "Because that's where I discovered the sword she last used."  A gulp.  "Up in Stratopolis."

	"The... the evil cloud city."

	"Yes."

	"What would possess her to occupy such a place?"

	"I tried to explain it earlier," Rainbow said, eyes darting briefly to the onlookers.  "She was steering it away from Equestria.  Comma—erm... the Valkyrie and her fellow soldiers—Duranda included, most likely—sacrificed their lives so that no equine civilization would have to suffer from this place.  It turned out to be an even tougher job than they imagined.  Something really.