.. really nasty was waiting deep inside the bowels of Stratopolis.  Once it woke up, it brought death to most of the Pegasopolitan expedition.  I've every reason to believe it killed the Valkyrie off too, but not before she made a brave last stand, with several of her most trusted warriors at her side."

	"The Valkyrie?"  Fawful winced.  "Defeated?  That's..."

	Rainbow stared quietly at her.

	Fawful sighed.  She rubbed her temple and grumbled, "It is not a concept that any of us can easily wrap our heads around."

	"If there's anything I've learned from all my travels, Fawful, it's that everything dies."  She blinked, then glance down at her pendant.  "Sometimes more than once..."

	"Huh?"

	"But I'm telling you this:  the sword is real."  Rainbow looked up.  "If I hadn't found it, I'd not have gotten out of Stratopolis alive.  The power of the sun—or the Light From Above—saved me and my friends when I needed it the most.  What's more, it allowed me to talk with my ruler—Princess Celestia—back in Equestria."

	"Princess Celestia?"  Fawful tilted her head aside.  "What... I mean... how is Equestria related to the Light From Above?"

	"Because..."  Rainbow paused, then exhaled long and hard.  "Because Princess Celestia controls the Light From Above, Fawful."  She gulped dryly.  "She makes the sun rise and fall."

	The Gray-Feathers gasped and murmured in the distance.  The stallion holding the line between them and Fawful shifted uncomfortably.

	"Rainbow... d-do you realize what you're saying?"

	"Yes.  I know it sounds—"

	"No single pony can control the Lights!"  Fawful exclaimed.  "Even the Valkryie—as glorious as she is—is empowered by the Light From Above!  She's never wieled control over it!"

	"Right!  And Celestia blessed the sword that she gave Commander Hurricane to maintain harmony with!  They also used it as a means of two-way conversation!"  Rainbow swung a forelimb wildly.  "I-I could even get you to talk to her yourself!"

	"With your Princess?  From far away in Equestria?"

	"Yes!  It's a really powerful magic spell."

	"Too powerful if you ask me."

	"And controlling the Sun is foal's play?"

	"I'm telling you, Rainbow, no pony can do that!"

	"Alicorns can!"  Rainbow said.  "They live longer than all of us mortals combined!  I'm not saying that the likes of Celestia can make stars, but they come from a cosmic place so far away and so old that they've figured all that stuff out!"

	"And it's Celestia's sole purpose to keep this realm lit?"

	"Among other things, sure!  Fawful, listen..."  Rainbow sighed, gesturing with her hooves.  "This is all pretty crazy stuff to take in, I'm sure.  And... I-I could easily have just flown away and not said anything but... but..."  

	"But what, Rainbow?" Fawful asked, looking concerned.

	Rainbow bit her lip.  "I know what I know.  And... and to think of leaving you ponies without letting you in on Commander Hurricane and Celestia and... and..."  Rainbow grunted internally.  "You're Equestrians, Fawful!  You may not know it—or even feel it, but deep down—in your blood and guts and feathers—you're the same as me and all of the friends I've ever cared for... all the fr-friends I left behind... and... and..."

	"...Rainbow?" Fawful suddenly stood up straight, worried.  "What's wrong?"

	Rainbow was teetering in midair.  "Harmony... H-Harmony can't exist without th-the light... so..."  Bulbs of sweat formed along her blue brow.  "Buck me... n-not now... not here..."

	"Fawful, what's wrong with her?" an elder from the tunnel asked.

	"I... I-I don't know!"  Fawful flapped her wings and hovered at Rainbow's level.  "Rainbow, look at me.  Are you ill?"

	"So... so dizzy..."  Rainbow squeaked, teetering forward.  "Happening... again..."

	"Valkyrie's Shout..."  Fawful tried gasping Rainbow's figure.  "Somepony, quick—"

	"Mnnnghh..."  Rainbow plummeted.  She slipped through Fawful's weak forelimbs and collapsed on the floor.  The metal instantly lit up with a gold aura, causing many voices to 