other ponies faces when you get excited—"

	"I do not spitttt!"

	Zaid shielded his face, took a breath, and finished:  "—you have an angelic charm about you.  Like... golden harps friggin' kill themselves out of shame everytime you so much as talk.  Not to mention you're bootyful with a capital 'booty.'  It's hard to imagine anything that squeaky-clean coming out of the floating cesspool that was Gary Smokes."

	"Gray Smoke."

	"Whatever.  Point is..."  He smirked.  "There are very few irresistible things in this world.  I've no doubt that Prowse would drop everything he was doing—even Queen Lasairfion!  Whewwwwwwww-KERSPLUNK!—just to come zipping back to find you and make sure you're just as cuteawesome as you were when he last hugged you."

	By this point, Props was biting her lips while her cheeks puffed red at the bursting point. With an inward squeal, she teetered forward and flung her forelimbs around the stallion's neck, nuzzling his shoulder.  "Ohhhhhh Zaidy Waidy.  You're super adorbs when you're this thoughtful!  I don't care what Josho says about you!  Or Roarke or Ebon or Eagle or Handsome!  You're cute as soot in my book!"

	"Errr... th-thanks!"  Zaid blinked crookedly.  "I think."

	"Heeheehee!  Anypony ever tell you that you're fuzzy in all the right places?"

	"Yes, well... heheh..."  He gently scratched behind one of her ears.  "To each their own."

	"H-Hey!"  She batted his hoof away and pouted.  "I just scrubbed there this morning!"

	"Erm..."  He gulped and sat straight.  "My bad."

	"... ... ...I didn't tell you to stop."  Her eyelashes batted.

	"Oh... h-hey..."  He shrugged and resumed scratching her ear with a smile.  "L'chaim!"

	"Heeeeeeeeee..."  She leaned into him with a comforting exhale, her tail flicking pleasantly.
		//------------------------------//
		// That Is Why You Fail		//------------------------------//

	"It's no use..."  Kera gritted her teeth, sweating as legs wobbled beneath her.  No matter how brightly her horn strobed, the large boulder in front of her barely got a foot off the ground.  Grass and weeds swayed within ten feet of the magical exercise.  An unearthly wind picked up, only to die and then pick up again.  Large bulbs of sweat gathered around the filly's tattooed brow, glistening in the amber sunset.  "Couldn't I-I just... I dunno... try twirling around several coconuts instead?"

	"It's a crater, child," Roarke droned from where she stood by the filly's side.  "Not a beach."

	"Then h-how about some large twigs or several small t-turtles?"

	"Do you really wish to be tossing turtles around so soon?"

	"R-Roarke!"

	"I know you're strong enough and disciplined enough to tackle this," Roarke said, pointing at the boulder.  "To choose something else would be undermining your true potential."

	"Roarke, I-I don't even know what my true potential is!"

	"Perhaps you have, but you've simply forgotten it."

	Thud!  Kera dropped the boulder altogether.  She turned to glare at Roarke.  "Forgotten it?!  I'm a kid!  I am what I learn!  I'm not some old mare pining for the glory days like you!"

	"Just because my past has been bloody doesn't make it glorious," Roarke droned.  "Now stop changing the subject.  We're here to focus on improving your skills, not lambast mine."

	"Unnngh..." Kera rolled her eyes.

	"Again," Roarke said, pointing at the boulder.  "See if you can make it turn upside down in midair."

	"What's th-the point of all this, anyways?!" Kera said, frowning.  "I don't remember anypony making me your apprentice."

	Roarke's brow furrowed over her lenses.  "Strange.  Earlier, you were quite excited about doing some magical training."

	"Yeah, but I didn't think I'd be putting my brain through a meat grinder!"

	"From what Bellesmith has said, you were once able to open complex locking mechanisms from the inside out, even overpowering weighted devices that ran on pure mana."

	"Yeah, well, I-I haven't had to do that in a while!"

	"So you admit that you're out of practice."

	"What I admit is 