that I shouldn't have come out here if all you wanted to do was make me sweat like a trained dog!"  Kera frowned.  "Let me float around some smaller rocks that I know I can handle, and then let's call it a day."

	Roarke took a deep breath.  "Very well."  Nodding, she trotted towards the southern crater wall to gather chunks of debris blown off earlier from her rockets.  "I can see now that having been coddled into a surrogate family by Bellesmith and Pilate has softened you.  It may not exactly be my standard of living, but that's simply me.  I was wrong to assume that you were a mare who wished to push herself and calculate her strengths.  If you wish to lower the difficulty of this exercise, I shall do so.  However, someday, you will be grown, and the likes of Pilate and Bellesmith may depend on you, and I doubt the world will allow itself to be any easier."

	Kera clenched her teeth.  She fumed and fumed, shutting her eyes tight.

	Roarke was in the middle of gathering some tiny rocks when all of the sudden she felt the wind shift once more.  Her lips curved for the briefest moment.  Then, deadpan, she turned around.  Her lenses rotated upon seeing the rock floating a good four feet off the ground.

	"Hmmm... now that's a considerable improvement," the metal mare said.

	"Yeah, well, doesn't seem quite so huge now," Kera grumbled.

	"Perhaps because you're channeling your emotion into it."

	The filly was silent.

	Roarke trotted up.  "Very well.  Now... concentrate."  She pointed.  "Turn it upside down..."

	"Grnnnnghhhh..." Kera grunted and hissed.



	An hour had passed.  The basin of the crater was bathed in crimson.  Soon, the light of the dying day would be past the western sky stabs, casting the tree canopies in soupy darkness.

	Somewhere, like dots clinging to the southern wall, Roarke and Kera still lingered, the latter producing a shimmering glow that stood out amidst the darkening shadows of evening.

	"Good..."  Roarke trotted around Kera in a wide circle, observing the boulder as it floated fifteen feet above the ground.  "You've gotten good at manipulating its lift."  She turned towards the filly.  "But now you've got to turn it upside down."

	"Look... it's up high, okay?" Kera squeaked amidst her strain.  "Isn't that good enough?"

	"No, Kera," Roarke muttered.  "Raw strength is one thing.  Controlling it takes true skill.  To exhibit true mastery, one must be able to impart her will in noticeable detail."

	"How d-do you know?" Kera's teeth gnashed as leaves and grass blades twirled around her.  "You're... nnnghh... not a unicorn!"

	"You think true mastery applies to one race?"  Roarke paced as she spoke.  "You think Props needs magic to know engines like she does?  You think Floydien needs wings to fly the Jury?"

	"You c-could really use a cork to shut the b-buck up!" Kera squeaked.

	"Cute."  Roarke pointed up at the boulder.  "Now turn it upside down."

	"I-I can't... I'm telling ya...!"

	"You've already lifted it much higher than you had it earlier," Roarke said.  "What makes you think you can't improve again?"

	"Common... s-sense...?"

	"You're doing well so far."

	"B-because you're pissing m-me off so much!"

	"Very well, then."  Roarke's eye-lenses pistoned outward.  "Focus on that anger.  Harness the passion.  If it's what empowers your magic, then flow with it."

	"H-how's that going to help anything?!"

	"You're a filly who says what she thinks and does what she wants," Roarke said.  "What's more, you're wise beyond your years.  You're a filly that's simultaneously defined by your rebelliousness and your precociousness.  Also, you're quick to anger.  So be it."

	"So... b-be it?"

	"Stop being s-something that you're not and give in," Roarke said.  "Be yourself.  Feel and act all at once."

	"I... I..."  Kera heaved and shivered, her horn pulsating.  "I don't know wh-what you're talking about—"

	"Kera..."  Roarke spoke in a hauntingly calm tone.  "Kera, I know what you've been wanting to say.  Now say it."

	Kera clamp