ed her jaw shut.  Her nostrils flared.

	Roarke's ears folded back as she snarled, "Stop holding back!  You want to be Belle's and Pilate's little coward all your life?!  Now let it out!"

	"Rrrrrr-HAAAAAAUGH!"  Kera spun the rock... and sent it hurling straight at Roarke.

	Without saying a word, Roarke nimbly leapt back, firing a trio of mini-rockets from her shoulder-braces.  They screamed through the air, impacted the boulder dead-on, and exploded the chunk of earth in mid-air.  The smouldering pebbles parted ways, splattering harmlessly against the crater wall behind Roarke.  The metal-mare landed from her leap, skidding to a reverse stop as she crouched.  She looked across the clearing, catching her breath.

	Kera slumped down on her chest, but her horn hadn't stopped glowing.  When she looked up, her tattoos were crawling with magical illuminescence.  "Why did you do it?!" she hollered.  "Why did you talk me into staying at Lerris?!"  Her breath seethed through her teeth.  "Didn't you see I was happy on board the Jury?!  That I was just fine with Belle and Pilate?!"

	Roarke stared.  She listened quietly, patiently, not moving a muscle.

	"Hrnnngh..." Kera curled her forelimbs to her chin and growled, "I didn't need you messing with my head!  You hear me?!  I didn't need any of that!  I wanted... I-I wanted..."

	Slowly, the air grew still across the clearing.  Kera's panting breaths rolled over the dusty rock and stone.

	"...I wanted for just once in my life to not have to be running from something all the time.  Once, it was pretty cool to be the only filly on the street who didn't need to be part of some stupid gang in order to feed herself.  But now?  I'm just so friggin' tired of it.  I want... I-I want to chillax, you know?  And then there was Lerris... and then there were the th-things that you said to me at Archer Point.  And I thought... I-I thought I might finally... have..."

	Roarke held her breath.

	"Grrrrrrrr..."  Kera slapped the earth floor.  "I hate this!  I hate this I hate this I hate this!"  She clenched her skull and grumbled.  "Why can't I friggin' get over what happened, already?!  It's not like I brought that maniac there!  It's not like I wanted so many ponies to die!  I hate it... I hate it so much!"

	At last, she slumped against the earth, exhaling heavily.  She closed her eyes and fumed, her face stuck in a permanent frown.

	After half a minute, Roarke's hooves shuffled over.  She stood beside the filly.

	"I... I never had the courage to kill my mother," Roarke said.

	Kera stirred.  Sniffling, she wiped her muzzle and looked up with glossy eyes.  "What...?"

	"In Searonese culture," Roarke explained.  "There comes a time in every young mare's life where they must prove their resilient warrior's blood.  The most common rite of passage is to slay one's own maternal bearer in combat.  A lot of grown mares give birth several times just so they can prove themselves against thick-headed daughters who are a third of their age, to show that they still have the tenacity to spill blood for the Goddess Searo.  As for the daughter—if she can overcome her superior, then she is considered a strong warrior, and she gets to sit and feast on the spoils of war in the Great Hall for the rest of her days, until she's slain by another mare, of course."

	"That's..."  Kera gulped, lips quivering.  "Really really sucky."

	"For me, it was life.  My life.  And I failed at it."  Roarke's nostrils flared.  "Even worse.  I never even tried."

	"But... h-how could you?"

	"That's what my mother thought, and she tried several times to engage the attack in hopes that she would get something out of me.  I suffered many broken bones before the age of ten.  There are some winters I don't remember, because I had endured so much head trauma.  Eventually, though, my mother discovered that I didn't have the guile to try striking her down."

	"What... wh-what did she do?"

	"She fled towards a bounty hunter station in the south, far from Searo's Hold.  It was the only way sh