 tail and flew.

    Kapow!  Kapow!  Kapow!  The chamber erupted with the echoing salvos.

    Chunks of metal splashed at Rainbow’s hooves as she desperately outraced the mayhem.

    “Professor!” a timid voice stammered from beyond the thunder.  “Stop it!  She obviously didn’t know what she was getting into--”

    “Shut yer cabbage hole, loon!!”  The augmented stallion spat, his blue eyes quivering after his darting target.  “Aam blastin' thes pigeon's yanny in twain!”

    “To what end?!  You’ll sink us all!”

    “I'll jawbox 'er first--”

    Rainbow spun, kicked against the ceiling, and sailed towards her foe.  Her ruby light blinded him, causing the stallion to stumble backwards, gripping his pained eyes.  She flew into his chest with a massive backdrop, kicked his leg joints, then spun around.  Flinging a hoof up, she grabbed his neck from behind and dropped straight down, slamming his chin against her shoulder.

    “Gaaagh!” The stallion flailed and fell back through a crate of metal junk, smoking leg cannon and all.

    Panting, Rainbow Dash kipped back on all fours.  “Okay…”  She wiped her brow.  “That sure warmed me up.”  She turned around limply.  “Now, who in the hay did I just go to war with--Oh jeez!” She flinched back dramatically.

    A giant shell with features jerked back, its scaled facial features wincing behind a jagged beak.  “Please!  Don’t hurt me!  I can’t help it if my only friend is a half-metal psychopath!”

    “Uhhhhh…”  Rainbow Dash’s eyes fell over the reptile’s stubby legs and tail from where they stuck out the rigid shell.  “I’m not sure where to punch you even if I wanted to.”

    “It’s okay!  We’re both harmless!”  The reptile smiled awkwardly.  “Really!”

    “Raaaaaugh!” The stallion stood back up, eyes crooked above a bleeding smile.  “Dinnae talk mince, Tankette lass!”  He threw his left limb out again, converting it to a jagged grappling hook.  Clakka-clakkkk!  “I've nae yit begin tae gie thes winged fitbaw a beatin'!”

    Rainbow grind her hooves against the metal floor.  “Pull the trigger, bucko, and I’ll be making you eat those words you keep crapping out!”

    “Try meh, ya wee fart!”

    Splasssssh!  A loud gasping noise emanated from the waters, followed by a sputtering, “Uncle?”

    The stallion’s ears instantly folded.  “Propsicle…?”  Lips quivering, he turned to look across the campfire.  “Did Ah jist hear mah propsicle?”

    “Unky Prowsy!” Props hopped up and down, splashing water everywhere.

    “Weel, Ah’ll be skint tae Spark's mana dust!”  He fired the grappling hook at her.  “Come haur, lassie!”

    Rainbow flinched, only to watch the metal claw expertly wrap three times around Props’ midsection.  The mare was flung viciously towards the lanky stallion.

    “Heeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!”

    The collision sent the two rolling back through a rattling ocean of nuts and bolts.  They rolled in the grease and ended with the lank stallion sitting on his bony haunches while rubbing the mare’s skull harshly with a metal hoof.

    “Whew!  Yoo're a micht chankin!  Hae ye bin rollin' aroond in th' arctic pools withit a sweater?”

    “I had to come find you, Unky Prowsy!”  The mare shivered, but nevertheless nuzzled his pale fuzzy chest dearly, her smile wide enough to burst.  “Mmmmm!  I can smell the soot on you for days!  What are you doing down here?!”

    “Tryin' tae bide aheid ay th' braw wi' naethin' but a turtle tae lean oan!  And you?”

    “Ohhhhhh outrunning evil war machines, giant frost wyrms, and super meanie unicorns with inconceivably high power levels!  But enough about me!  Tell me about youuuuu!”

    “Ohhhhh Propsicles.”  The stallion sniffled, nuzzling her with his red beard.  “Ah cannae keep mah eyes dry with the sweet smell of ya.”

    Rainbow Dash stared, rubbing her head.  A scaled hand touched her shoulder.  She flin