e could manage the shame.  I wasn't the only one who was cowardly... I suppose..."

	Kera bit her lip.

	Roarke sighed as she squatted beside the filly.  "For years, I carried my weakness as a burden.  Nopony wanted to train me, and most mares who so much as saw me out in the field tried their best to eliminate me as soon as they spotted the colors of my ship.  It took over a decade and constant struggle, but I soon became a professional bounty hunter, with a list of victories and spoils that made every warrior around me green with envy.  At some point, Lady Pestiferous took note of my accomplishments, and she granted me entry into the Great Hall.  I was one of a very small group of warriors who made it that far without enduring a traditional rite of passage.  That made me something of an oddity... a rarity." 

	"And... what happened to your mother?"

	Roarke shook her head.  "I can only guess.  Odds are she died in combat, which is what she would have wanted.  But it doesn't matter.  All my life, I saw myself as a coward for refusing to do what I did.  I had nopony to turn to and share my feelings.  Then Imre entered my life.  And after that, Rainbow Dash liberated me from a prison that I didn't even know I was stuck in.  Looking back, do you know what I realized?"

	Kera simply gazed at her.

	Roarke said, "I realized that, the whole time, I was stronger than all of the ponies around me.  When Searo's Hold collapsed, they were all confused and witless.  And yet I carried on.  Even with my ship destroyed and my former armor stripped, I still feel as strong as ever—maybe more so.  And I know now that all of my life I have been preparing for a future that I'm only now starting to grasp, and I wouldn't have it any other way.  With the Noble Jury—with Rainbow's friends—I am discovering more and more to be proud of... to be thankful of..."

	The filly blinked rapidly, staring down at the stone floor—at least until Roarke's metal-laced hoof tilted her chin back up.

	Roarke's lenses reflected Kera's face.  "You have such... such immense strength, Kera.  Beneath all of the confusion and the jocularity and the anger, there lies a powerful grown mare just waiting to burst out of her shell."  She let her hoof rest on the filly's shoulder.  "What happened at Lerris is going to weigh on you for a long... long... very long time.  It may even stay with you for the rest of your life.  But I am convinced that the inner strength that you possess—the very tenacity that allowed you to live on the streets—will make you more than capable of bearing that weight.  I've seen evidence of it myself.  Deep sleep or not, you've bounced back, and much of the pain that you find detestable will one day serve to be your greatest ally.  That will be a time when the lives of ponies will depend on you, and you will accomplish such heroics that right now you can't even fathom them."

	Kera's eyes watered.  "But... b-but it's just so much... so terribly much to d-deal with..."

	"Kera, listen to me.  You must never... ever doubt yourself.  Your life is so fresh and young that the last thing you need right now is blindness.  Don't blind yourself, Kera.  We all deserve to bear full witnesses to our own strengths.  Don't waste decades until you can finally look back and realize that you were strong when you thought you were weak... even for just being a loving daughter."

	The filly sniffed.  She leaned aside, nuzzling Roarke's forelimb as she smiled tearfully into the mare's face.

	Roarke fidgeted.  "You should know," she grunted, her lenses retracting.  "I don't do hugs."

	"Too bad."  Kera flung herself forward and wrapped her forelimbs around the mare's neck.  She buried her warm face in Roarke's shoulder.  "Thank you, Roarke most Rare..."

	The bounty hunter sighed hard.  "...I think I preferred you throwing boulders at me."

	And Kera giggled.
		//------------------------------//
		// The Weight That We Bear		//------------------------------//

	"...and in early November, the leaves would turn color, giving the