 forests beyond the fields a melting orange glow," Eagle Eye said, gazing out onto the darkening mists beneath the waterfall as the sun set beyond the Sky Stabs.  Ebon leaned comfortably against his shoulder as he went on.  "The harvest left the crops of Franzington bare for a month.  We'd use the field for war games.  Every little colt and filly was a mercenary at heart, and we'd divide ourselves up into teams and do hard tackles at full-gallop."

	"Yeesh..."  Ebon shuddered slightly.  "Sounds painful."

	"Hmmm... Maybe.  Foals know how to bounce back up onto their hooves."

	"And you?"  Ebon exhaled, feeling the warmth of the unicorn's colt beneath his muzzle.  "You're petite enough as it is.  I can't imagine how dinky you must have been as a kid."

	Eagle's breath squeaked with a slight giggle.  "You're not exactly the biggest boulder on the block yourself."

	"Heh... just saying."

	Eagle shrugged.  "I... bounced a lot as a kid.  Got my fair share of bumps and bruises.  In fact... I was never all that good at winning war games."

	"Why'd you keep on trying?"

	"Cuz the other kids were starting to think I was pretty cool."  Eagle flicked his tail.  "For... g-getting up so much after taking tons and tons of heavy falls.  I guess they all thought I had guts."  He gulped.  "Then, one day, we all went out on our own to lose them... on some foreign field or another."

	"Sounds like a tragic way to live."

	"Except that the ones who made it back lived all the harder," Eagle said.  "They all got married quickly and had foals... tons of foals.  They made their parents proud. And I..."

	Ebon waited quietly.

	Eagle sighed out his nostrils.  "I realized early on that I wasn't gonna be making any kids ever..."

	"You say that as if you regret it."

	"Heh... not a chance."  Eagle smirked.  "I love foals.  Only... Franzington isn't all that big on adoption."

	"But I thought you said that Crimson and Phoenix became surrogate brothers to Tweak in Aurum?"

	"Heh... they're different.  They left Franzington by doing that.  I mean... I did in a way, too, but I had my heart set much... much earlier.  Wish I could say the same about my mind."

	Ebon sat up straight, gazing at the other stallion.  "Well, I'm glad that you still have such pleasant memories to hold onto.  When it comes to Franzington, I mean."

	"Heh..."  Eagle squirmed slightly, staring down at his folded legs.  "Yeah, I guess."

	"It... it must be a wonderful thing."  Ebon gulped, staring off into the darkening forest.  "To be able to remember things like that, for better or for worse."

	Eagle sat in silence.  He turned to look at Ebon.

	Ebon's shoulders slumped with a prolonged sigh.  Suddenly, he felt his chin being tilted towards Eagle.

	"Isn't it better to dwell on where you are now?"  Eagle smiled faintly.  "Than on where you were once or where you're going?"

	"Then what does that make me, EE?"  Ebon's eyes moistened.  "What does that make anything?"

	"You're happy though, aren't you?" Eagle remarked.  "On board the Jury?  With friends and family and... and..."

	"But there has to be more to me than just a feeling," Ebon murmured.  "Where's the substance? What do I have to measure myself by?"

	"Do you truly feel lost, Ebon?"

	"Yes... and yet... n-no..."  Ebon sniffled, glancing down.  "It's hard t-to explain.  There are nights when I just want to cry myself to sleep.  But then there are moments—wonderful waking moments..."  He gulped.  "Like this one."

	Eagle smiled.  "I, for one, am a fan of happy moments.  What about you?"

	"I just... I-I want to know where I belong," Ebon said.  "I want to be grounded.  I want to have a story."

	"A story?"

	"A beginning a middle and an end."  Ebon shuddered.  "You and the rest have that.  I don't."

	"I'm sure Propsy would disagree," Eagle said with a smile.  "Bet she could tell you in great detail how she felt the moment you blessed her by entering her life."

	"Props could fall in love with a rabid manticore if she wanted to."

	"Heh.  Guess that 