explains Zaid."

	"Huh?"

	Eagle sighed and shook his head.  "Never mind."  He caressed the stallion's chin.  "Ebon, listen.  Maybe you feel lost at times.  Maybe there isn't much to see behind or before you, but I'm telling you... you are real.  You do matter.  And just because things look and feel bleak now doesn't mean you can't find that subtance that you crave."

	"I've tried, Eagle," Ebon murmured.  "For so long on my own, I've tried.  You can't make a life's story out of n-nothing."

	Eagle gazed at him.  He fought to keep his voice even.  "Then maybe you need a place to start."

	"With what?" Ebon asked.

	"With this."  Eagle leaned in and kissed him gently.  Then, raising a hoof, he softly embraced the stallion, nuzzling him cheek to cheek.  "I love you, Ebon Mane.  If you're looking for a story, then let's make one together."  He smiled, his eyes shut.  "And we can make it a happy one, from page to page, start to finish."  He choked back a sob and cracked a smile.  "What do you say?"

	Silence.

	"Ebon...?"  Eagle raised his forelimb again, but felt nothing but cold air.  His eyes opened.

	Ebon had stood up and was not shivering several feet away.  His expression was pale, hollow.

	"Ebon?"  Eagle stood up, jaw agape.  "What's—"

	"This... th-this isn't..."  Ebon quivered.  He hobbled backwards, his eyes watering.  A slight whimper escaped his throat.  "I'm so foolish.  I'm doing it again!"  He clenched his eyes shut, hissing at himself.  "I promised myself.  I promised!"

	"Again?"  Eagle stepped closer.  "Ebon, please, talk to me! What's going—"

	"St-stay back!" Ebon shrieked.  Tears ran down his face as he approached the brink of hyperventilation.  "Eagle, I'm so sorry.  But it's just not... I mean you shouldn't..."  He clenched his teeth, seethed, and spun around.  "I can't!  I just c-can't!"

	"Ebon—!"

	"I'm s-sorry!"  Ebon's breath faltered, fluttering behind him in sporadic sobs.  He galloped off into the night, approaching the distant glittering specks of West D.

	Eagle stood dead still, alone beside the babbling brook.  It was too dark to make sense of the waters or the foliage.  He plopped down on his haunches, numb with shock.  Slowly, as the shadows of night fell into every corner of the basin, he buried his muzzle into his forelimbs, and wept in quiet confusion.



	Rainbow Dash's eyes fluttered.  Her muzzle tensed, and she hissed a bit before turning over to flickering lamplight.  At last, her lids popped open.

	A gray-maned figure came into focus, bearing bright red eyes.  Fawful blinked, staring down at Rainbow Dash with patient concern.

	A low trilling sound escaped Rainbow's mouth. "Let me guess," she muttered.  "'Gold Petals?'"

	Fawful's brow furrowed.  "Who?"

	Rainbow smirked.  "Heh."  She tried getting up, only to feel a wave of dizziness still soaring through her.  "Grnnngh... good t-to know some things are capable of changing."

	Fawful reached down and helped the pegasus sit up.  Rainbow saw a starry night twinkling just outside a wooden window.  She sat on a cot inside a building located somewhere along the upper height of Central D's tower.

	"You dragged me all the way out, huh?"

	"A pair of First-Borns assisted.  But yes."

	"Hah..."  Rainbow smirked through another wave of dizziness.  "Guess Ebon's cooking must have finally paid off.  I'm getting heavier for once."

	"I'm... not sure what you mean by that."

	"Don't mind me.  I wake up with the worst rambling in the morning," Rainbow said.  Fawful helped prop her up against a wooden post.  Rainbow stared calmly out onto the misty night's sky as her head gradually stopped spinning.  "I... must have given you quite a scare..."

	"I'm certain it wasn't on purpose."

	Rainbow gulped.  "What am I talking about?  It was more than one scare."

	Fawful said nothing.

	"I've never been the best communicator.  Guess I couldn't think of a better way to show you than—well—showing you."  Rainbow exhaled out her nostrils.  She tilted her head down, catching a glimp