se of the pendant through the corner of her eyesight.  "You kept it on me."  She brought a hoof up, toying with the weight of the lightning bolt.  "Good girl."

	Fawful nodded.  "I... can't fathom how you bear to carry the weight of that thing at all times."

	"Yeah, well, there are different way to m-make sacrifices, Fawful."  Rainbow gulped.  "Some of us give stuff up... the rest of us slap stuff on."

	"What would happen if it were to come off?"

	"I could tell you what would stop happening," Rainbow said.  "Me."

	Fawful paced slowly across the tiny hut.  "You... you stated that you left Equestria as the last bearer of your kingdom's Elements."

	"Did I?"  Rainbow shrugged, feeling the dizziness gradually wear off.  "I'm the Element of Loyalty, if you must know."

	"And the other Element bearers?"  Fawful squinted at her.  "What became of them?"

	Rainbow took a deep breath.  "They're dead.  All of them."

	"They were faithful companions of yours?"

	"They were my best friends."

	"What caused them to die, if you don't mind my asking?"

	Rainbow opened her mouth, hesitated, and eventually droned:  "Discord.  A supreme bad guy from Celestia-knows-where.  He came in, wielded a whole bunch of 'chaos lord' powers, and the rest of my friends tried to take him out.  Problem is, without me around, they didn't realize that the Elements would backfire.  They all... they all turned to dust.  I was the only one left alive.  As you can imagine... I was... uh... pretty ticked off, to put it lightly.  I grabbed the last surviving Element and took out Discord on my own, but I did so at a price.  His chaos energy shot into me, and now I've gotta wear this thing at all times to keep that evil stuff corked up, ya feel me?"

	Fawful was ready to ask:  "And your Princesses... Celestia and Luna—?"

	"Yeah, what about them?"

	"They didn't intercede on your friends' behalf?  They didn't use their mighty powers to stop Discord on their own?"

	Rainbow exhaled heavily, shaking her head.  "No."

	"Why not?"

	"Just because there are creatures in this world who are like gods, doesn't mean they are."  Rainbow tilted her head to look squarely at Fawful.  "Even your Valkyrie—for all the awesome things she's done—has her limits."  She gulped.  "Everything lives and everything dies.  Just not everything manages to do so awesomely."

	Fawful chewed on her lip.  Her gaze was locked on Rainbow's pendant.  "This... this chaos energy that you speak of..."  Slowly, her eyes raised to Rainbow's level.  "How long do you think you can fight it back?"

	Rainbow simply stared back at her.

	Fawful's ears folded.  "How long have you known?"

	"Between you and me?" Rainbow muttered.  "I stopped living the very moment I saw the piles of ash that my friends had become."  She gazed out at the stars again.  "When Belle and Pilate hopped into my life, things changed... like a spark ignited something inside me.  I learned to live once again.  But even then, I knew... as I know now..."  She slowly shook her head.  "Nothing lasts forever.  And—especially as of late—it's getting worse.  I... I don't know how much time I have left.  The flames of the machine world seem to help, but even that can't do the trick indefinitely."

	"And yet, you stopped here."  Fawful leaned her head to the side.  "You have the flying Valkyrie Silver.  You could have flown off to more important things on your journey, and yet you didn't.  Why?"

	"How could I?" Rainbow said quietly.  She gulped.  "You and I, Fawful?  We're cut from the same cloth. Same with Sivrem, Jerrio, Kitsune, and all the little birds around the campfire."  A faint smile.  "We've got Equestria in our veins.  It's just too good of a thing for me to pass up."  She then winced.  "I guess... I-I let it go to my head a little..."

	Fawful nodded at that.  Slowly, she pivoted about and sat right beside the cot.  She faced the window full of stars, breathing evenly.  At last, she said, "You aren't lying... about Commander Hurricane and the evil sky city..."

	Rainbo