w slowly shook her head.  "I'm afraid not, elder."

	Fawful sighed.  She closed her eyes and sat there in silence.

	Rainbow fidgeted a bit.  She glanced aside.  "Do... uhm... er..."

	Fawful opened her eyes and glanced up.

	Rainbow gulped.  "You and the others took me out of that place with the gold lights."  Her brow furrowed.  "How many know about what went down in there?"

	Fawful adjusted her white bangs and said, "Only a few."

	"Only a few?"

	"The Gray-Feathers believe that the nature of our discussion should be kept in strictest confidence until all of the elders have reviewed it in great detail."

	"Fawful... let's be real, here..."  Rainbow sat up straight, wincing.  "You can't keep the cork on that for long!"

	"Rainbow—"

	"Especially—nngh—in a secluded crater populated by flying horndogs! I mean, come on!" She smirked painfully.  "That Jagold chick alone looks like a living prattle-a-minute."

	"I know it must seem like an awful thing," Fawful said.  "To keep a secret such as that from the Non-Grays."

	"Pfft!  Only because it is!"

	"But you witnessed what happened down there!" Fawful exclaimed, wide-eyed.  "You saw how most of the elders reacted!"  She pointed at herself.  "You s-saw how I reacted!  You must understand, Rainbow, that we've never had a reason to challenge the scrolls in untold eons!"

	"But if you just let me talk to everypony!"  Rainbow said.  "Someplace calm and out in the open!  I promise I won't freak anyone out this time!  All I need to do is sit them down and tell them all about... about..."

	Fawful simply glared at Rainbow.

	"Er... yeah..."  Rainbow winced, her wings drooping.  "Maybe it's best that your elders talk this one over."

	"I'm inclined to agree," Fawful said, standing up and trotting towards a window.

	Rainbow scooted up until she sat on the edge of the cot.  "Do you... uh... do you have any idea what they're gonna say?"

	"I'm afraid I don't," Fawful muttered.  She lifted one hoof and rested it on the window frame while she gazed out onto the lower huts and platforms amidst the trees.  "I am still freshly initiated, and I'm too young to accurately predict what they'll decide."

	"But... th-they gotta own up to what I have to share with them, r-right?"  Rainbow stepped off the cot, winced, and hobbled towards the window.  She managed to stand upright the whole time.  "There were tons of witnesses.  They all saw the gold lights down there.  There's no sane point in covering that all up, right—"

	"Rainbow Dash, we are not a dishonest band of silencers!" Fawful said, seething slightly.  She turned to frown at the mare.  "Our chief duty as former-First-Borns is to look after the sanctity and preservation of the scrolls!  Believe it or not, we are not opposed to truth and the evidence of truth!"

	"Then... wh-what was with all the freaked out ponies downstairs, y'know?"

	Fawful sighed, her ears folding.  "Regardless of how much control we have over our faculties, we are still ponies, Rainbow Dash."  She gulped.  "As much as I hesitate to admit it, we are still vulnerable to fear."

	"Yeah, I kinda figured that."

	"You see, the Valkyrie has always been a source of strength and courage for us," Fawful explained.  "Dwelling on her legacy has been a means of preparing ourselves for the inevitable Windlessness beyond death and beyond the greens."

	Rainbow smirked.  "And—like—who says you gotta give up all that monk-like hocus pocus up, huh?"

	"But Rainbow..."  Fawful clenched her teeth.  "If what you say is true, and the Valkyrie was... was... a mere militant—!"

	"Hey... whoah whoah whoah..."  Rainbow waved a hoof.  "Hurricane was no mere soldier.  She led an entire race of ponies.  Stratopolis wouldn't have survived its horrible winters to join Equestria if it wasn't for that mare!  Heck, she was even responsible for helping pegasi survive the windigoes—"

	"The what?"

	"The... the windigoes..."  Rainbow cleared her throat.  "Big... uh... freaky ghost horses that bring pestilence, famine, and