randanans were hovering right above the stern of the Noble Jury.  The largest of the three deposited an earth pony down onto the top deck.  It took some squinting, but Belle made out the unmistakable shape of Ebon Mane.  The stallion pivoted to face the pegasi and gestured towards them, thanking them.

	"Hey!  Don't mention it, outsider!" one chirped.

	"Yeah!"  One of the others nodded.  "I'd be feathered too if I was wingless!  May First Light bless ya!"  And the three flew their way towards the Western Tower.  "Wow... did you ever meet a stallion that smelled that good?"

	"Hrmmmm..."  Pilate tilted his head in Belle's direction.  "I have two guesses, but I'm not in the mood for making a fool of myself this late."

	"Ebon!"  Belle trotted briskly towards him, grinning.  "You're back!  Why..."  She came to a stop, blinking at his limp figure.  "Why d-didn't you take the Lounge sphere back?  Where's Roarke and the others?"

	Ebon lingered on the top deck.  He turned, gazing lethargically at the mare.  "I... I dunno..."  He trotted coldly past her and headed towards the cockpit entrance.  "They'll come around.  Don't worry."

	Belle watched him pass by, her lips pursed.

	"Well, he sounded remarkably... dead," Pilate said.

	"If only you could see his expression."  Belle gulped.  "Though I doubt the O.A.S.I.S. Sphere would do it any justice, even with all the upgrades."

	"Perhaps something less than pleasant went down between him and Eagle Eye."

	"Spark spare us!" Belle exclaimed.  "That's a horrible thing to ponder."

	"Was he carried here by one of the locals?"

	"Seems that way.  Ebon isn't the type to approach strangers without—"

	"Belle," Pilate murmured, reaching a hoof out to her shoulder.

	"What?"

	The zebra's ears twitched as he motioned in the direction of the ship's stern.

	Belle stared at him.  Eventually, she gasped, for she heard the unmistakable sound of mana engines gliding.  "The sphere!"

	"Come..."  Pilate grinned warmly, tugging Belle towards the stairwell.  "Let's take a whizz, shall we?"



	The black transport vessel had landed and the hangar doors were closing right as Belle and Pilate descended the stairwell and entered on the bottom floor.

	"May I advise that we not go on the offensive immediately?  At least not in front of Kera?" Pilate remarked.  "It's perfectly natural to be displeased with Roarke for being out this long, but I think we can choose a more strategic time and place for expressing our frustrations and concerns."

	"I'm more concerned about Kera at the moment, to be perfectly honest," Belle said while helping Pilate down the stairs.  "She's so easily bored.  Having spent the entire day out there while Roarke shuffled through one obscure piece of equipment to another?  She'll probably never want to leave the ship again."

	"Wasn't she promised explosions?"

	"The girl has grown up with explosions, Pilate.  I really think she should have stayed by our side today."

	"The filly needs to stretch her legs once in a while.  Not to mention her horn."

	"I know that.  But if today has proven anything, it's that we need to allow her freedom in smaller and more manageable slices of—"

	The two reached the bottom floor of the hangar, and they barely had time to breathe when Kera came scampering from the opened doors of the transport.  "Belle!  Pilate!"  She leapt high, practically tackling Bellesmith.  "Heeeee!  Hi hi hi!"

	"Gaaah!"  Belle fell back on her haunches, catching Kera.  She stifled a giggle and smiled at the filly.  "Well, hello there yourself!"

	"We had the best time!  There were explosions and big rocks and small rocks and missiles!"

	"Erm... well..."  Belle fidgeted with the foal in her grasp.  "That's... uhm... v-very..."  She blinked, feeling the child's silken mane as she nuzzled Belle in crook of her neck.  "...Kera?"

	"Hmmmmm..."  Kera smiled, her eyes shut above rosy, tattooed cheeks.  "Have I mentioned how much I love you?"  She clutched Belle's shoulder and giggled again.  "For real.  You guys a