re swell.  I really should tell you that more.  I don't care how sappy."

	Belle blinked, her eyes slightly misty.  "Why... what a darling thing to say, Kera."  She sniffed, then lovingly stroked the filly's mane while looking her in the eye.  "Looks like you had a blissful day."

	"Mmmhmm!  Hmmhmm!"  Kera grinned, her green tail flicking.  "Roarke taught me a lot of stuff!  And then I almost killed her!"

	"I see..." Belle's eyes darted up towards Roarke.  Her coy smile lingered.  "It's a good thing that she's so resourceful."

	"Yes," Roarke said.  She finished dropping a crate of equipment into the corner of the hangar.  "Fortunately, I am."  She fidgeted slightly.  Then, with a forced twirl, she turned from the equipment and trotted across the hangar.  Belle was standing up by the time she came to a stop.  "You and Pilate have done much good to Kera.  It was... a pleasure to spend a day with her."  She stretched a hoof out.

	Belle looked at it, then at the metal mare's eye-lenses.  "Roarke?  What...?"

	"I assume it is traditional by Ledomaritan custom to hoof-bump in celebratory fashion?" the ex-bounty hunter said.

	Belle merely smiled.  She gently moved Kera aside and flung her arms around Roarke.

	The metal mare's body stiffened in Belle's embrace.  Twitching, she sighed out the side of her muzzle.  "This is turning into a disturbing pattern..."

	"Mmmmm... get used to it," Belle said with a smile.

	"Heeheehee!"  Kera giggled.

	Pilate stood nearby, smiling as he overheard the exchange.  Just then, a series of petite hoofsteps clattered across the hangar floor behind him.  He turned, took one sniff, and smiled.  "Eagle Eye.  Have a nice day, I hope?  You know, Ebon arrived not that long ago and—"

	"I know," Eagle murmured, his eyes glossy as he trudged right past the zebra.  "Sorry.  I... I-I'm tired.  I'm heading to bed."

	Pilate's metal brow furrowed.  He turned, following the sound of Eagle's retreating steps.  He gazed blindly with a curious expression.  Slowly, reluctantly, he turned back towards the conversation ensuing between Kera, Roarke, and Bellesmith.



	"And so I gripped Nevlamas' big crystal death antlers like this, ya see?!"  Rainbow Dash said, grinning into the firelight.  She hovered above an open wooden platform clinging to the stalk of Central D.  No less than a hundred pegasi sat beneath her, gazing through the smoke and embers in jaw-dropping awe.  "And she's flying down the mountainside at full force, right?  Any moment and she could grind me to a pulp and then breathe glowy aquamarine flame all over my bubbling corpse!  Well,  I wasn't about to have any of that!  Time to kick some mutant chaos dragon tail, am I right?!"

	The crowd murmured, feathers rustling.  Jerrio squinted with perpetual skepticism.  Sivrem leaned against a wooden support strut with his forearms folded.  He smirked at the other Durandanans, then stared pleasantly up at the mare.

	"So, I take this baby right here..."  Rainbow Dash touched the pendant, summoning a tiny glow.  The pegasi all gasped harder.  "And I shine it into Nevlamas' skull!  Pewwwwwwwww!  Endless stream of harmonic energy, ya feel me?  And—guess what?—it does the trick!  A whole crapton of her scales melt away and she's bleeding all over like a chocolate-filled pinata!  By the time she's reached the base of the mountain, she's become so weak that I could practically suplex her!  I mean, why not!  I've had tons of practice along my journey!"

	Giggles and chuckles.  Jagold clung to Smythe as she stammered, "And then what happened?"

	"Pffft.  She crashed into the countryside.  But I had bigger fish to fry, so I spat on her, turned tail, and glided all the way to the battlefield where I was headed!  And don't even get me started on all of the tattooed warriors and screaming managliders I took down!  It was like fireworks during the Summer Sun Celebration!"

	The Durandanans chuckled and murmured in awe amongst themselves.

	Rainbow grinned wide.  "And you know what the best part is?"  Her eyes darted