 across everypony.  Eventually, she winked.  "It wasn't the first dragon I had headbutted with!  Not by a longshot!"

	The ponies all cooed in awe, eventually clapping their hooves against the wooden surface of the platform.  Rayvine lay on her chest, gazing up at Rainbow Dash with a warm smile and even warmer ear-tips.

	"That's so awesome!"

	"Tell us more, outsider!"

	"I haven't felt this excited since I was a little sparrow!"

	"Heh... trust me..."  Rainbow Dash touched down, pretending to examine her hoof as she stood beside the fireplace.  "All of the crazy stuff I've done could fill a book... or maybe five..."  She tongued the inside of her mouth, gazing across the stars above.  "Or twelve."

	"Tell us about the Gold Lights!"

	Rainbow's blood went cold.  "Errrrrrr..." She glanced through the campfire.

	A young mare with red wings blinked back.  "We... we h-heard that you made Gold Lights... your own Gold Lights down below..."  She gulped.  "Where only Gray Feathers and First-Borns go."

	Rainbow Dash bit her lip.

	Jerrio's eyes darted from her to the Durandanans and back.  He stood in silence.

	"I... don't exactly know what you think you heard," Rainbow eventually blurted.  "If I were you, I'd stop paying bridle gossip any mind and j-just... y'know... listen to your elders!  Like you always do, ya dig?"

	"But... b-but—!"

	Kitsune cleared her throat.  She hovered above the crowd, smiling.  "Rainbow Dash is right.  Besides, it's quite late.  We have many chores to do in the morning."

	The crowd collectively groaned.

	"Kitsune has a point, gulls," Sivrem added, yanking at a rope that suspended a varnished whicker dome over the fire.  He lowered it so that it stifled the flames, gradually choking them to a low flicker.  "The leatherbacks won't milk themselves.  Even with outsiders visiting on floating Valkyrie Silver, our tasks here in the basin do not end."  He motioned with a sweep of his mighty wings.  "Go to roost.  All of you."

	"And for those of you going to roost in pairs..."  Kitsune hollered after the sulking, retreating groups.  "Just get it over with and get some rest, ya hear?"

	Several chuckling voices echoed back.  Eventually the group dissipated.

	Rainbow stood on the edge of the platform.  She turned to see Kitsune and Sivrem floating towards her.

	"Don't mind them, Rainbow," Kitsune said.  "Their heads are like their wings.  They're prone to catching a breeze—any breeze."

	"Well, I don't blame them," Rainbow said.  "This crater is cool and all... but it's still a crater."  Her ears folded.  "Maybe... m-maybe I shouldn't have told tales of my journey beyond the greens."

	"Nonsense!"  Sivrem grinned wide.  "You made their entire day!  Duranda knows you made mine!" he winked.

	"A story is a story," Kitsune said.  "If nothing else, it'll live on in their dreams."

	"Yeah, sure.  I can dig that."  Rainbow said.  She gulped, then fidgeted as she glanced sideways at the two.  "Uh... just... j-just how much do they know."

	"Hmmm?"

	"Lemme put this another way," Rainbow muttered.  "How much do you guys know?"

	Kitsune and Sivrem exchanged glances.  With lingering smiles, it was Kitsune who spoke first, and quietly:  "We know that... that you collapsed again."

	"Just like earlier when you outflew us in the Raked Ravine," Sivrem said.

	"Only this time it was... a lot scarier," Kitsune remarked.

	"Uh huh..."  Rainbow nodded, then gulped.  "And is that all you know?"

	The two First-Borns were silent.

	"Did anypony tell you about what went on downstairs?  Y'know... in the room with all the Valkyrie Silv—?"

	"You said it yourself, Rainbow Dash," Kitsune said.  "Best to listen to our elders."

	"Yeah.  And I know you guys respect them.  But—"

	"Rainbow, I know it must seem very... very odd to you," Sivrem said with a calm smile.  He waved a hoof as he spoke.  "But relying on their wise judgment has worked here for countless generations.  They preserve the scrolls and guide us towards liberation by the Valkyrie's Shou