t, both in this life and in the Windlessness beyond."

	"Yeah, and I respect that—"

	"Then do not concern yourself with what the elders decide or don't decide," Kitsune remarked.  "They'll come to you when they've made their choice.  They'll come to all of us."

	Rainbow took a deep breath.  "I... I just don't want you guys to freak out, y'know?  And I know how much it stinks to have to wait for something important to be decided by others..."

	"Rainbow, look at me," Kitsune said, caressing the mare's chin.  She smiled.  "Hanging out with you has made us anything but anxious."  She winked.  "If you came here to Durandana bringing something horrible, I'm sure Sivrem and I would have figured it out by now."

	"And we woulda kicked your flank," Sivrem said with a wink.

	Kitsune giggled.  "Yes, well, we would have tried to, anyway."

	"Hah hah!"  Sivrem slapped his own knee, grinning.  "Isn't that the truth?!"  He squinted Rainbow's way.  "I would love for you to perform that amazing sky light trick before Ice's flock.  You think it's possible?"

	"Uhhhhh... you mean the sonic rainboom?"  Rainbow gulped.  "Honestly, I'm not s-sure I have another one of those in me right now."  She suddenly paled, staring off into the glittering lights of Central D.  "I'm not sure... I have another one of th-those in me ever."

	Sivrem and Kitsune exchanged glances.  They gazed calmly at Rainbow.  "Would you like an escort back to your Valkyrie silver?"

	"No... heh..."  Rainbow smiled.  "I'm good.  But thanks, though.  You two get some rest."

	"Rainbow Dash, are you certain you shouldn't reconsider?" Sivrem said in a very calm tone.

	Rainbow opened her mouth, her eyes lingering on their serious expressions.  "Yes.  I'm certain.  I'll be fine, okay?"

	Silence.

	"Very well," Sivrem said, nodding.  He smiled.  "I look forward to seeing you tomorrow.  Perhaps you could tell us of the other dragons you've battled."

	"Heh..."  Rainbow kicked at the floor, smirking.  "I'm afraid you guys have heard the most exciting one."

	"Hmmm..."  Sivrem winked, flapped his wings, and took off.  "Somehow I doubt that."

	"Have a blessed First Light, Rainbow," Kitsune said, soaring after him.

	"Yeah, uh..."  Rainbow waved.  "You too."  As the two pegasi disappeared along the glittering night sky, she stood alone, exhaling hard as she glanced across the stars, tree branches, and lanterns of Central D.  The wind blew through her mane, warm and inviting.  She closed her eyes, stretching her wings out as she smiled to herself.  Her bangs fluttered in the nightly breeze, and for a brief moment Rainbow was sitting on a cloud overlooking the hazy stretches of Cloudsdale and its many buildings.  An endless array of lights twinkled in the sky, from homes to weather factories to public courtyards.  In the distance, lighting flashed, giving the lofty world an undercurrent of magic and mystique.

	Rainbow exhaled with a shuddering breath.  At last, she turned west and opened her eyes.  She instantly got a muzzle-ful of Rayvinne.

	"You must have been scared."

	"Gah!"  Rainbow hobbled backwards, panting.

	"Heehee... like that!"  Rayvinne said, grinning from ear-to-ear.  "A pony?  As tiny as you?  Taking on some giant reptilian fire-breathing beast?  It's hard enough to believe that you can steer a leatherback off course."

	"Yeah, well, Nevlamas was no push-over, and—"  Rainbow blinked.  "Wait, what do you mean 'tiny?'"

	Rayvinne giggled, pacing in a close circle around Rainbow.  "Please.  It's nothing to be ashamed of.  Jagold's a little thing, but she knows how to make a big splash."  Rayvinne paused to smirk.  "In more ways than one."

	"Well... uh... glad to know you gals are such... g-good friends."  Rainbow blinked, turning her head to blink at Rayvinne.  "Aren't you supposed to be heading to bed?"

	"Hmmm.  Aren't we all?"

	"For real, I don't wanna be stepping on anypony's feathers," Rainbow said, chuckling to herself.  She glanced up at the higher platforms.  "Kitsune and Sivrem are obviously calli