elestia," Rainbow Dash said.  "Through... erm... the sword."

	"Truly?" Pilate remarked.  He and Bellesmith looked up from where they sat on a couch inside the Noble Jury's Lounge.  Kera was curled up beside Bellesmith, a contented smile plastered on her slumbering face as the mare stroked her mane.  "That was rather quick."

	"Er... they want some time to prepare, though," Rainbow said.  "So... erm... w-we're gonna be here at least two more days."  She winced from where she hovered over the mess hall's table.  "You think that's doable?"

	"Rainbow, this is major development that could very well determine the future of these remarkable ponies," Pilate said.  "I'm sure the crew will let you take as much time as you need."

	"Mmmm..."  Belle chewed on the edge of her lip.

	The zebra tilted his head towards her.  "Or... erm... am I-I wrong?"

	"I'm all for staying here personally," Belle said.  "But what about Val Roa?  Certainly we plan to get there sooner than later."

	"We'll still be making it there faster than Chrysalis could ever have expected us!" Rainbow said with a smirk.  "Going around the Sky Stabs would have taken ten times as long!"

	"Yes, but still..."  Belle took a deep breath, glancing across the mess hall.  "There is no telling how swiftly she might regain her strength."

	"Pffft.  Without her brood?  She's chump change!"

	"And I appreciate your optimism there, Rainbow," Belle said with a smile.  "But, logically speaking, there is no real way to tell just how powerful she might become."

	"There is no real reason to tell anything," Pilate remarked.  "All things considered—we really don't know all that much about what Chrysalis is up to in Val Roa, aside from what she's capable of."

	Rainbow rubbed her chin in thought.  "Hmmmm..."  Her eyes darted up.  "Has Props been able to make contact with her Uncle Prowse?"

	Pilate shook his head.  "Not sense we've entered this crater."

	"Though I doubt she's put much effort into contacting him as of late," Belle said.  "She's been distracted as of late."

	"Distracted?"  Rainbow blinked.  "How?"

	"Oh... well... er..."  Belle gulped and smiled nervously.  "You know Props!"

	"Heh.  Yeah, sure."

	"I must say, Rainbow," Pilate spoke up.  "These Durandanans seem to be taking all of this rather nicely."

	"Ehhhhhh..."  Rainbow winced.

	Pilate's ears twitched.  "...No?"

	"Things could have gone down a lot smoother," Rainbow said.  "I only have myself to blame for a lot of that."

	"But apparently they're willing to communicate with the Princess directly."

	"Yeah.  But who the hay knows where that could go," Rainbow muttered in mid-hover.  "I did get them to agree with one thing, though."

	"Hmmm?  What's that?"

	"I still can't make heads or tails out of how Duranda and the rest of the ponies got here in the first place," Rainbow said.  "I mean, that inner sanctum thingy of theirs is sooooooooooooo a piece of the Machine World.  And the structure above it is a piece of Stratopolis."

	"You're certain of that, Rainbow?" Belle asked.

	"Sure as I am awesome!"

	"Well, no arguing that," Belle said with a smile.

	"But I don't buy that the piece of Stratopolis smashed into this place and caused the crater!  I mean... the structure is just too dang small!  Those buildings aren't exactly indestructable.  Like, we all saw how Stratopolis crumbled once it hit the skystone fields."  She winced, then smiled nervously in Pilate's direction.  "Erm... most of us saw it.  Sorry."

	"That's quite alright," Pilate said with a nod and a smile.  "I got a front row seat.  I'm not complaining."

	"Then what do you think caused the crater?" Belle asked.  "Or exposed the machine world?"

	"That's what I wanna find out," Rainbow said.  She tilted about.  "So, I got the elders' permission to bring somepony to the sanctum so that we could study the place together and hopefully come up with some answers."

	"Hmmm?"  Pilate tilted his head aside.  "Like who?"

	Rainbow was silent.

	Pilate gulped.  "Me?"

	"You and Be