lle got the O.A.S.I.S. thingy working again, right?"

	"Well, yes, but—"

	"Pilate, you've always been my go-to zebra for figuring all this Austraeoh crap out," Rainbow said.  "Granted, you've been my only zebra—but you catch my drift.  With your brains and that scanning orb thingy, maybe the two of us can come together and figure out from the site just what happened."

	"But—Rainbow—it's been several thousand years!"  He chuckled helplessly.  "I mean... I'm flattered!  But just what could we possibly find?"

	"Isn't it a smart thing to have a naked hypotenuse?"

	"Null hypothesis," Belle corrected.

	"Yeah.  What she said."

	"To be perfectly honest, Rainbow, I'm not sure how much I can even scrounge up in just two days!" Pilate remarked.  "Even with O.A.S.I.S. at full capacity."

	"Yeah, but think of it!"  Rainbow hovered down until she was directly in front of where the stallion sat.  "This is the one opportunity in thousands of years that anypony with science has been allowed to study this site!  And what we discover could possibly provide answers to these ponies that they've been missing out on for eons!"

	"Well... yes..."  Pilate fidgeted.  "I do suppose that does carry an air of excitement to it."

	"Rainbow, how do we know that the Durandanans truly desire to have these answers?"

	"Huh?"  Rainbow turned towards her, muzzle scrunched.  "Well... b-because it's the truth, Ding-Dong!  I can't be leaving these ponies in the dark!"

	"They seem to be doing quite well for themselves, Rainbow," Belle said with a gentle smile.  "Why, they even have a way of harnessing the light on their own."

	Rainbow squinted at her.  "Are... you suggesting that we just leave them the way they are?"  Rainbow gestured blindly with a hoof.  "That we just let them keep believing that they're the only ponies who've ever existed?  That Commander Hurricane is some Goddess Valkyrie Mare Thingy and that there're no Alicorn Princesses?"

	"It's worked for them for so long, hasn't it?"

	"Yeah, but it's not..."  Rainbow sighed.  "Belle, it's not true."

	"Isn't it more appropriate to say that it's simply what you don't believe?"

	"What?!"  Rainbow frowned.  "No!  No, it's not.  This is completely different!"

	"How so?"

	"B-because I know who raises and lowers the sun!" Rainbow's voice cracked.  "I know who the true source of Harmony is!  I've seen it with my own eyes!  I've lived it!"

	"Then how come you didn't stop to preach to the ponies in Darkstine?" Belle asked.  "Or Silvadel?  Or—heh—how come you've never once taken a swipe at me and Pilate for adhering to the Spark?"

	"Because... b-because...!"  Rainbow clammed up, fidgeting.

	Belle and Pilate gazed up at her.

	With a sigh, Rainbow's wings went slack.  She plopped down on the edge of the mess hall, balancing her chin on a forelimb.  "Hrmmmmfff... it's because I'm related to them.  Or at least I feel that way."

	"We're all related in some fashion or another, Rainbow," Pilate said.

	"Yeah, well, you don't have wings."  Rainbow blinked, then winced.  "Erm... no offense."

	"I think we understand, Rainbow," Belle said with a smile.  "You have every reason to believe that these Durandanans are direct descendants from proto-Equestrians.  I think it's very noble that you want to illuminate these pegasi to the best of your ability."

	"Yeah... but?"  Rainbow looked up with bored eyes.  "You're dying to tell me otherwise, aren't ya, Belle?"

	"Truthfully, Rainbow?"  The mare paused in stroking Kera's mane to shrug.  "I think we should keep in mind what's best for the Durandanans.  Evidently they express a legitimate curiosity in what you have to share with them."

	"And it's a good sign that they're willing to let another outsider help you in conducting a study on the area," Pilate added.

	"But... there are so many possible ramifications to what's being unveiled here," Belle said.  "For better or for worse, it could deconstruct the entire system that they've established after all these years.  Why... just the act of