 acclimating to even a sliver of modern Equestrian societal values could shock them to the core!"

	"I... that..."  Rainbow gulped.  "Nopony ever said that they'd have to change who they are!"

	Belle raised an eyebrow.  "Really?  You think Princess Celestia and Luna would be accepting of the Durandanan 'family' structure?"

	"Or more appropriately, the lack of one?" Pilate remarked.

	Rainbow squirmed on the edge of the table.  She squeaked forth, "M-maybe?  I mean... Celestia's used to this sort of diplomat stuff!  It's her bread and butter!  And... and it's not like the Equestrian idea of Harmony can be forced—"  She stopped dead in her speech, blinking.

	Pilate and Belle were silent.

	Rainbow sighed heavily, running a hoof through her mane.  "I guess I haven't put a lot of thought into this."  She gulped.  "Not like I should have."

	"Nopony can blame you for being enthusiastic, Rainbow Dash," Belle said.  She then smiled.  "Did you enjoy your day spent in Central D?"

	"Oh girl... lemme tell ya!"  Rainbow grinned, her wings fluttering and carrying her back into the air.  "First, we showed these leatherbacks who's the boss.  Vrmmm-nyeeeeuuuur!  Heh!  Felt just like cloud kicking back home!  Erm... with less kicking.  They wouldn't make nice milk that way."

	"Heehee... I imagine not..."

	"And then I raced Sivrem and Kitsune and the rest!"  Rainbow grinned, gesturing with her hoof.  "Fwoooooosh!  We soared on through this bigflank Ravine like it was nopony's business!  I mean... pffft... it ain't got nothin' on the Ghastly Gorge back in Equestria, but I totally schooled them!  Even made a sonic rainboom out of it!"

	"Sonic... rainboom...?"  Pilate remarked.

	"Hah!  Yeah!  Boy, you shoulda heard them gasp!  And then they applauded and cheered!  It was like being at a Wonderbolts Airshow!"  Rainbow grinned wide.  "And don't get me started on their campfire stories!"

	"Their stories or yours?" Belle remarked with a cool grin.

	"Pffft!  Mine, of course!  I told them about kicking Nevlamas' tail and I had every single one of them instantly floored!  Not a single lowered wing in the crowd... heh... if you catch my drift..."

	"Loud and clear, Rainbow," Pilate said.  "We're quite happy you hit it off so well."

	"Yeah—and... y'know... it got rough there for a second—but only a brief second, ya feel me?!"  Rainbow said, smiling.  "Fawful—the Gray Feather I'm communicating with—she's a lot cooler than I expected.  Hell, all of them are super cool!  Even the elders who sometimes lose their cool!"  She giggled, hugging herself in mid-air.  "And Sivrem's so badass and Kitsune's so confident and Rayvinne..."  She rolled her eyes, cheeks blushing.  "Don't get me started.  Ahem.  But... everypony's so chillaxed and they've got everything so together!  There's no bullying, no wars, no enslavement—it's just a perfect flock, y'know!"

	"Wow, Rainbow Dash," Belle uttered, smiling warmly.  "It's been a while since I've seen you this... this..."

	Pilate interjected, "Toasty?"

	"Hah!  Yeah, sure!"  Rainbow giggled again.  "Heeheehee!  Whew... boy would it suck to leave a place like this—"  Her muzzle froze in place, and her ears folded slightly.  She added with a squeak:  "So soon, I mean.  But... I-I've got things to talk out with Celestia, to get her prepared and all."  She cleared her throat.  "And... of c-course, there's the sanctum that deserves studying... and... uhmmm..."

	Silence.

	Pilate tilted his head towards Belle.  Belle glanced at him, then up at Rainbow.  "You say there's an exposed piece of the machine world down below?"

	Rainbow gulped and nodded.  "Yeah.  Just a patch.  It responds to an artifact of Commander Hurricane's—like... a piece of her mane hair attached to a helmet."

	"Just like the metal responds to you?" Pilate asked.

	"Right."

	"And..."  Belle squinted.  "...is there a door in there?"

	Rainbow shook her head.  "If there was, I would have noticed right away.  Heck... I'm sure the Durandanans would have opened it centuries ago wi