th that helmet of theirs."

	"So... there's no way of getting close to the ruby flame?"

	"Er... I don't think so, Belle," Rainbow said in a low tone.  "Besides, I... uh..."

	"What?"

	Rainbow shrugged.  "I'm not sensing any nearby.  The last few times I've come close to the stuff, I could sense where it was at all times.  That's not the case here.  Beats me where the heck the next flame is—but I'm guessing between here and Val Roa."

	"Or beyond?" Pilate asked.

	"Yeah, I guess."

	More silence.

	"I... uh... I guess I should get some rest... heh..."  Rainbow scratched the back of her neck.  "I need to talk to Celestia in the morning.  Lonnnnng talk."

	"I can only imagine," Belle said.

	"Pilate, you on board or not?"  Rainbow asked.  "Sorry to put you on the spot, dude, but I need your talents here.  Can't do squat without 'em."

	"Heh..."  Pilate sat up straight.  "I am as willing as I am intrigued.  I'll do the best I can.  Besides..."  He smirked.  "I doubt these pegasi will feel threatened by a blind zebra with a metal plate wandering around their sacred hovels."

	"Now that's the spirit!"  Rainbow smirked, patting Pilate's shoulder as he flapped past the pair.  "I gotta hit the hay. Wish I could say goodnight to all the Jurists, but—not much time."

	"Right."

	"Say, where's Roarke?  Any of you seen her?"

	"Errrrr..."  Pilate pivoted his head towards Belle.

	"She was... with Kera all day," Belle said.  "But, otherwise, she's made her scarce."

	Rainbow nodded quietly.  Eventually, she said, "Well, the hammock calls.  Thanks for hearing me out, guys."  She smiled, waving as she hovered away.  "You're swell... as always!"

	"What are best friends for?"

	"Heh... I know, right?"  And Rainbow was gone.

	Slowly, Pilate and Belle leaned against each other.  A quiet breath was shared between them as they lingered beside Kera's slumbering form.

	"What... what do you think, beloved?" Pilate said quietly.

	"I was going to ask the same of you," Belle muttered.

	A collective sigh.  They nuzzled each other.

	"Just... give it time," Pilate said quietly.  "Whatever happens... it will be for the best."

	"Can we honestly believe so?"

	"Do we have a choice?  Should we?"

	Belle bit her lip.  Her eyes grew misty as she closed them.  Pilate rested his chin atop her head, holding her close as the seconds drifted by.
		//------------------------------//
		// The Thought of Leaving You		//------------------------------//

	A pair of violet eyes opened blearily.

	Eagle Eye stirred in his cot.  He sat up, groaning inwardly.  The first thing he instinctually did was levitate a brush across the cramped quarters to straighten out his mane.  However, halfway through the routine, he paused, staring dully at an empty space beside him on the cot.

	A sigh escaped his lips.

	He dropped the brush to the floor, swung out of bed, and trotted dizzily across the tiny compartment.



	Eagle trotted up to where the second floor ended at the vertical crawslpace towards the front of the Jury.  He placed one hoof on a ladder rung... and paused.  His ears twitched to the sound of murmurs and commotion.  He stared down the crawlspace.

	In the sunlight glaring through the observation room, he spotted the shadows of Zaid and Props.  The two ponies rambled on in casual conversation.  At one point, Props giggled, and Eagle could see the shadow of her mane flouncing while Zaid leaned against the bulkheads.  The stallion chuckled, and soon the conversation continued on for an unknown length of time.

	Eagle wrenched his gaze away and crawled up the ladder.



	Inside the cockpit, Floydien was grumbling to himself, using two cloven hooves to fix a loose panel just above the airship's instruments.  The elk suppressed several angry curse words.  At first—as Eagle came up from below—he was at a loss to figure out just why Floydien was holding his voice down.

	Then he heard two voices from the top deck beyond the cockpit:  one raspy and the other disembodied, majestic.  Eag