le Eye craned his neck, peering onto the sun-lit exterior of the Noble Jury.  There, he saw Rainbow Dash sitting up on the edge of the ship's port side railing.  Her legs dangled, and she had the Sword of Solstice balanced across her thighs.

	"...too quickly, Rainbow Dash.  My sister and I would be more than happy to speak with them, but only on their terms.  It would not be wise to rush them."

	"And I-I'm totally not, Your Highness!  But—face it—getting to hear from you and Luna would be the simplest and easiest way to show them who's really running the place!"

	"It's true that Celestia and I maintain the Sun and Moon for this physical plane, but our rule only covers Equestria Proper.  Need I remind you that there are countless landscapes all throughout this world that exist beyond our sphere of influence?  Some of them even harmoniously."

	"Yeah, but—like—most of them not harmoniously.  Ya think?"

	"From what you've described, it seems as though the Durandanans have done magnificently on their own, even if their values are considerably different than Equestria's."

	"Are you s-saying that we should just leave them be?!  Celestia, they're all Equestrians by blood!  They're... th-they're like a long lost flock!"

	"Rainbow, I'll have you know that I feel responsible for all living beings that exist—incuding all the ones who don't even belong to Equestria."

	"And I-I'm totally not denying that!  It's just—"

	"I could have set out long... long ago to bring every remote civilization into my fold.  But while harmony is something that can be maintain, it mustn't be forced, for then it becomes a mechanism.  I fear that we have... mutually learned th-that the hard way with the Elements of Harmony..."

	"Mmmmm... yeah... y-yeah, I guess so..."

	"My long lost brothers and sisters sacrificed everything to do their best for this plane, and their blessing of harmony exists today as a natural essence, breathing life and vigor into this world.  As the last immortal alicorns, Luna and I are tasked with illuminating the world and staving off chaos so that the creatures still dwelling on this plane can bask in peace for as long as the world will allow them."

	"Which isn't for too much friggin' longer, if what Axan says is true."

	"I am not entirely convinced that Axan's views are completely accurate in that matter.  Just because the Divines are dying doesn't mean that the whole world is doomed as well.  Then again, all things do come to an end.  I simply haven't had the time nor the resources to investigate the matter thoroughly."

	"Right... chaos rift and all..."

	"But Luna's sarosian agents and Cadance's expedition are attempting to learn all that they can.  And yet, despite our efforts, you—Rainbow Dash—are still the finest and most learned pioneer that this kingdom has ever produced.  If there is any pony who can discover the truth, it's you.  For that, you have my pride, my confidence, and even a little bit of my envy."

	"Heh... you ain't so bad yourself, Your Highness."

	"But not all ponies are quite so bent on discovery.  I've no doubt that your presence there in Durandana has sparked a fire of curiosity in the locals.  I will gladly do what I can to satiate the wonder in their hearts, for I too am eager to make a connection with these long lost souls.  But I will do so only if it is approved by the powers that be.  Please, whatever you do, Rainbow Dash, do not thrust this knowledge upon them with any more spontaneous dramatics.  This is a very delicate situation, and I would greatly appreciate your tactfulness."

	"Hey, don't sweat it, Princess!  'Tact' is my middle name!... along with 'Danger' and 'Professionalism' and... and... erm... something else.  Begins with a 'J,' I think..."

	By this point, Eagle Eye had shuffled back down the crawlspace without saying a word to either Rainbow Dash or Floydien.



	Belle and Josho were seated in the lounge of the mess hall while Eagle Eye trotted by.

	"So, the plan is that Rainbow Dash will carry Pilate off to Ce