ntral D, and there they'll investigate the inner sanctum with its Gold Lights—using the O.A.S.I.S. in conjunction with my beloved's mimetic mind, of course."

	"Wow.  Heh.  It's a dayum good thing you got all that fixed in time."

	"I know, right?  It was difficult working past the alterations Roarke made to help Pilate harness the Oracular Array."

	"Actually, I was talkin' about the zebra's brains."

	"Heeheehee... yes, well... I know certain languages that even Pilate didn't know he could speak."

	"If I was a lot younger, I would have asked for more sordid details."

	"And if I was younger, I probably would have told you."

	"Fair enough.  Say, where's the rust bucket off to this morning?"

	"Hmmm?  You mean Roarke?  Is she gone again?"

	"She took the Whizzer thingy and flew off.  I figured that was why Rainbow was having to carry your husband horse."

	"Beats me where Roarke has gone off to.  I think she just doesn't want to be on board the Jury today."

	"Heh, yeah.  What—with all these winged cuccos flying all around us."

	"No, I... I think she's trying to avoid something else."

	"Oh?"

	"But still, she took really good care of Kera yesterday."

	"Is that so?"

	"Mmmhmmm.  Kera had a grand old time.  Apparently it wore her out, because she's still sleeping in."

	"This late?"

	"Heehee.  Yes, the silly filly."

	"I'm surprised Roarke didn't bring her back in pieces."

	"I don't think that's giving Roarke enough credit, Josho.  Roarke is... well..."

	"She's trying, I get it."

	"And yet, I think she's succeeding.  You know?  There are times when Pilate and I fear that we just don't know how to reach Kera at times—"

	"You saps don't give yourselves enough friggin' credit."

	"No, perhaps not.  And yet... I think Roarke found something in Kera that needed attention.  I have somewhat of an idea as to what it is... but I'm too busy feeling dumbstruck that Roarke made her mark that easily."

	"Well, it's a shocker to me.  I always thought the Searonese used fillies for target practice."

	"Oh please, Josho.  I think it's about high time we stopped harping on Roarke for being who she is."

	"And why's that?"

	"Isn't it obvious? She's still on board the Jury."

	"So?"

	"...I don't think she is who she was anymore..."

	Eagle Eye paused, glanced back at the two, then continued his way across the mess hall.  Before the kitchen entrance, he hesitated slightly, then trotted right in.



	Ebon was leaning over the sink, washing lettuce in a large bowl.

	Eagle Eye stood at a distance.  He fidgeted, opting to turn around and leave once or twice.  Eventually, his body slumped, and—sighing—he took a bold step forward.  "Uhm..."

	"Good morning," Ebon Mane murmured.

	Eagle blinked, freezing in place.  "Good morning," he blurted back in a dull tone.  His eyes squinted.  "How long have you been—?"

	"I'm always up early to serve breakfast," Ebon droned.  "Lots of us have a bunch of things we need to do today.  And there's no telling now when or if we might get winged guests.  It's best to be prepared."

	"Erm... right..."

	"Plus, your old buddy, Josho."  Ebon's nostrils flared as he turned the lettuce leaves over under the spicket.  "There's no telling how much he'll wanna scarf down.  Some days I wanna rent him out as a second garbage disposal."

	"He sure... uh... does like to eat a lot."

	"It'll be about twenty minutes," Ebon murmured.  "If you wanna grab a bowl for yourself, be my guest."

	"Ebon..."

	"You'll have to slice the carrots up yourself, though.  I haven't gotten to those yet—"

	"Ebon, stop it!"  Eagle gritted his teeth.  "Can we please talk about last night?"

	Ebon said nothing.  His hooves lingered under the trickling water as he stared deep into the bowl of leaves.

	"I couldn't get a wink of sleep.  I couldn't do anything but think about... about what happened!  Or better yet—what didn't happen!"  Eagle sniffed, his eyes instantly turning moist.  "Please, Ebon.  Talk to me.  Please help me know w