hat I did wrong!"

	"You didn't do anything wrong," Ebon said in a low tone.  He didn't look at Eagle as he spoke.  "You didn't do anything because there wasn't anything to be done."

	"Ebon...?"

	"Things can't end if they don't begin," Ebon said, switching the water off with the slap of his hoof.  "We can live fine with the way things are."

	Eagle slowly shook his head.  "No, we c-can't," his voice cracked.  A tear formed on his cheek.  "I can't."

	Ebon's hooves gripped tight to the counter.

	"Ebon, nothing can undo what I said... what I meant... or how I feel!"  He sniffled and trotted forward.  "And if you don't feel the same, then maybe you should just tell—"

	"Don't come near me!" Ebon suddenly hissed.

	Eagle flinched as if struck by a bullet.  He leaned back with quivering lips.  At last, his face bowed towards the floor.  "This is all my f-fault.  I... I-I rushed things."  Another sniffle.  "I'm such a sappy romantic at heart.  I should have known better than to push you towards something you weren't prepared for!"

	"Eagle..."

	"But... I can't help it."  Eagle looked up, frowning.  "I love you, Ebon.  I love you so much."  He inhaled sharply and held a hoof over his chest.  "You bring me to a place where I thought I would never be!  I no longer care about where I'm going or where I've been... so long as you're there with me!  I... I feel horrible because this is something I-I can't change—"

	"Yes you can," Ebon said with a slight growling tone.  "Stop pretending like you're powerless—"

	"But I'm not!"  Eagle stepped forward with a heavy hoof.  "Don't you get it?  For once in my life, I chose something!  Even in spite of all the risks!  And if you knew what I knew, Ebon, maybe then you would understand why I want to love you and protect you so much—"

	"You know nothing!" Ebon snarled, teeth showing.  "All you have is what you feel, and it's going to rob you blind!"

	"Please, Ebon, will you just let me tell you—"

	"No!"  Ebon barked, finally turning to face Eagle, and it was with a frown.  "We are friends, do you understand?"

	Eagle slowly shook his tearstained face.  "No.  I d-don't."

	"We are just friends," Ebon said, eyes thin.  "And friends know how to do what's best with one another... even if it means leaving each other alone."

	"But... b-but Ebon..."

	"I've said all that needs to be said," Ebon uttered.  He sucked in his breath, regaining his dull expression.  "Now."  He slapped the bowl of lettuce onto the counter and marched through the opposite doorway.  "If you don't mind, I need to go tell the others that breakfast is served."

	Eagle stood alone.  As Ebon's hoofsteps grew distant, the stallion fell back on his haunches.  He leaned against the counter, his face melting as he broke into quiet, quiet sobs.



	In the stairwell, Ebon came to a stop as soon as he was alone.  His rigid expression shattered instantly, replaced by a pale and panting face.  He grimaced... then grimaced harder.  Slumping back against a wall, he slid down before the steps and curled up into a little bergundy ball.  His eyes darted about, then closed completely to dam in the tears.

	With little squeaks, he cried to the walls for the space of several minutes, until he was once again able to summon the strength to get up and finish his duties.

		//------------------------------//
		// Next Time On the View		//------------------------------//

	With a grunt, two First-Borns pried open the wooden latch to the dark space beneath Central D's foundation.

	"Thanks," Rainbow Dash said, standing in the morning light besides Pilate.  "We'll try our best not to get into anypony's way."

	"I doubt that will be an issue," Fawful said.  "The elders have collectively agreed to grant you access once again."

	Rainbow winced slightly.  "Sounds like it wasn't an easy decision."

	"It wasn't.  But don't dwell on it," Fawful said.  "We're all seeking the truth, are we not?"

	"Yeah... yeah, totally," Rainbow Dash said with a nervous smile.  A gulp, and she glanced be