swiveled about and marched across the room.  She squatted down on a couch across from Belle.  Her metal braces and thick horseshoes made the entire gesture more than residually uncomfortable.  The hard lines in her face showed it.

	Belle chose to ignore them.  "So... uhm... this is relaxing."

	"I suppose it is."

	"Yes..."

	"... ... ..."

	Silence.

	Belle cleared her throat.  With a tranquil smile, she fluffed her own mane while straing at Roarke's.  "You know, I've never had the opportunity to say it before, but I've always secretly loved what you do with your hair."

	"What do you mean?" Roarke asked in a neutral tone.

	Belle blinked.  "Well..."  She shifted where she sat.  "I mean... the braids!  And the little metal ringlets at the end!"  She suppressed a giggle.  "It's really quite beautiful, in its own, intricate, exotic way."

	"Each twisted strand represents a different enemy of Searo whom I've slain in the name of the Goddess," Roarke said.  "I used to dip my mane in their blood upon ritualistically dragging the ringlet down the length of the braid."

	Belle stared, slack-jawed.  Eventually she murmured, "So... uhhhh... th-then it's not your natural color or...?"

	"This was a bad idea."  Roarke stood up and marched towards the hallway.  "I should be elsewhere."

	"Roarke, wait!"  Belle reached a hoof out.  She sighed, smiling tiredly.  "Fine.  Small talk is out.  No biggie.  Can we just have a heart to heart, then?"

	"Hrmmmf..."  Roarke clenched her jaw, not looking at the mare.  "You can certainly try."

	Belle rested her hooves together daintily as she said, "What you did with Kera yesterday... thank you."

	Roarke's lenses retracted.  She slid about and stared at Belle with a furrowed brow.  "I don't believe I've told you anything about what Kera and I did yesterday."

	"I know.  And, Roarke, I trust you... okay?"  Belle smiled.  "Pilate and I... we trust you.  Otherwise we wouldn't have let you take Kera out to begin with."

	Roarke's head tilted down.

	Belle continued.  "And... whatever it was that you did together, it made Kera so... so wonderfully happy."  She smiled.  "Almost as if a weight is off her shoulders.  I haven't seen her that giddy and cheerful in a long while.  I m-mean... I know she's still recovering from Lerris.  We all are.  But somehow you were able to help her... loosen up a lot more.  That means so much to us."

	"She is a strong filly."

	"Which is what makes it so very hard for Pilate and I to find a way to level with her," Belle said.  "She can be very unpredictable.  We don't want to ignore her feelings—and yet, at the same time, we don't wish to coddle her."

	Roarke looked at Belle sideways.

	"Yes.  Heehee... I know."  Belle rolled her eyes.  "I certainly can't help myself at times.  But it's just that I wish the best for Kera, and I feel helpless when I can't always provide that."

	Roarke's hooves grinded against the floor.  She trudged back and plopped down on the seat across from Belle.  Silence... until:  "...Kera is a powerful mare."

	"Hmmm?"  Belle raised her eyebrow.

	"She has magical powers unlike any other unicorn her age," Roarke droned.  "I've battled many unicorns in my day.  I've killed criminals and warriors who couldn't even compare to her."

	"Well... h-here's hoping that you don't have to battle Kera, ever."

	"That is not what I meant."  Roarke glanced up.  "Where I come from, untapped power is an insult to the laws of nature.  Kera is capable of so much, and I fear that she's allowed the pain of Lerris to hold her back."

	"No offense, Roarke... but..."  Belle squirmed slightly.  "I-I don't think Pilate and I want Kera becoming a bounty hunter when she grows up."

	"That is not what I meant either," Roarke said.  Eventually she sighed.  "It is hard to explain.  When I first joined the Noble Jury, and there was this child on board the craft, I wanted absolutely nothing to do with her.  But now... as the months have gone by... I find that my mind... dwells on her often."

	"And is it just K