it wait wait…”  Rainbow Dash waved her forelimbs.  “Hold on!”

    ”Scrkkkk!  Rainbow?!  This is Eagle!  Are you and Props alright?!  She just dove in and--”

    “Yes!  We’re fine!  We’re all fine!  Just everypony stop talking and spitting for one second!”  Rainbow Dash took a deep breath, her feathertips fluttering in the camplight.  “Alright… this place is starting to crumble all around us, and we haven’t got much time.”

    “Just point me where to go and I’ll move my shell!” Elma said with a wide-eyed expression.  “Between pirates and the cold and the constant threat of an leg cannon, I’m ready to jump through flaming hoops!”

    Prowse narrowed his eyes.  “Ye pure cannae expect me tae lae aw ay mah patented doohickeys behin'!”

    “Believe me, buddy,” Rainbow droned with folded ears.  “You’re doohickey enough.  Now, let’s mosey.”

    “But at least lemme keep meh--”

    Crkkkk-kkkkkk-kkkk!  The entire chamber shook.  A savage crack formed in the bulkheads ahead, immediately showering the interior with snow and flakes of frost.

    Props gasped, her blue eyes blinking wide.  She leapt aside and clung--trembling--to her stalwart uncle.

    “What in the turtle gods is that?” Elma stammered.

    “Uhhhh…”  Rainbow gulped.  She raised the sound stone to her muzzle.  “Eagle?  Josho?  You feel that?”

    ”I’m pretty sure Crimson and Tweak back in Aurum felt it!  We gotta get out of here!”

    The entire ship groaned once more, as if a large object was scraping at it from down below.

    “Whoopsie poopsie…”  Props gulped.  “I don’t like the sound of this…”

    “Ay, lass…”  Prowse nodded inquisitively in Rainbow’s direction.  “Ye didne by chance happen tae attract onie giant brine serpents wi' wee danglin' lanterns alang th' way haur, did ye?”

    “Uhhhhhhh…”  Rainbow Dash’s forehead glistened with a single sweatdrop.

    Crkkk-kkkkk!  The chamber shook violently.  This time, the turbulence was accompanied with the noise of a deep bass roar.  Two seconds of silence later…

    Crackkkk!  A bulkhead in the far corner of the chamber exploded with a gust of water.

    “Bloody Hell!” Prowse gasped.

    Through the splashing water and rippling metal, a gaping maw lined with serrated teeth showed in the rippling firelight.

    “Frost wyrms!” Elma howled.

    “Show’s over, everyturtle!”  Rainbow Dash darted towards the pool of water on the opposite end, motioning to the group to follow.  “Time to get wet!  Move it!”  Her voice was swallowed up by the sound of bulkheads collapsing all around them.

		//------------------------------//
		// Cold of Jury: Mustering Warmare		//------------------------------//

    “Lit me jist grab mah tools an' aam guid!”  Prowse dove towards his supplies, only to be tugged backwards by his scruffy read tail.

    “Pffft!”  Rainbow spat, “You stay here and you’re meat!  Move it!”

    Crkkkkkk!  The entire compartment collapsed in a wave of imploding debris towards the quartet.  With invasive jets of freezing water, the mouth of the frost wyrm lunged closer and closer, filling the ship’s interior with sparkling light from its crimson lantern.

    “Ohpoopohpoopohpoop!” Props squeaked as she fidgeted at the pool’s edge.  “How’d I do this the first time?!”

    “It's loch i've aye said, lassie! Less thinkin' an' mair spelunkin'!”  Prowse bucked her savagely in the flank.  “Noo oan yer trolley!”

    Whap!  “Eeeep!”  Props plunged into the rippling waters.  Sploosh!

    “Make loch tatties an' mash, Tankette!”  Prowse dove after his niece.  Splash!

    Rainbow waved a hoof while barreling across the rocky floor.  “Come on, Miss Boreal!  We gotta get out before this whole place does an eggshell impression!”  She stopped at the waters and spun around.  “Elma--Oh for Pete’s sake!”

    “Nnnghhh…”  Elma winced, oozing her scaled limbs forward 