era?" Belle said with a coy smirk.

	"... ... ..."

	"Ahem."  Belle played with her hooves as she spoke on, "Roarke, I think it's only natural to wish the best for a little filly like her.  Spark knows it consumes my mind all the time."

	"I don't see the point," Roarke said.  "There's no profit in it.  I've never had much care for distractions."

	"Have you ever thought, Roarke, that with Searo behind you, maybe your priorities have shifted?"

	"I don't see what you mean."

	"Not to insult your culture or anything, but it seems to me that you've carried a lot of unnecessary weight for a long time," Belle said.  "You say you've never cared much for 'distractions,' but what is distractions is all you've known?"

	"Impossible."

	"Is it?"  Belle cocked her head aside.  "Is it really so impossible to think that beneath all of the armor, all of the cybernetic implants, all of the warpaint and scars of misery, there's a soul that knows what it means to be a pony that loves life?"  Belle smiled.  "And a mare that longs to be a mother?"

	Roarke's lips opened.  She winced slightly.  After a half-minute, she eventually murmured, "I will never... ever have that."

	Belle's ears folded upon hearing that.  With a sweet smile, she leaned forward.  "Roarke..."

	Roarke looked up.

	Belle whispered, "I used to think that about myself too."

	Roarke's nostrils flared.  "We are hardly alike."

	"Hmmm-hehe..."  Belle tossed her mane and leaned back.  "Then let's fix that, shall we?"

	"How?"

	"We're here.  Sitting.  Talking?"  Belle shrugged.  "Tell me about yourself."

	Roarke's lenses pistoned outward.  She frowned.  "Myself."

	Belle nodded.  "Yes."

	Roarke clenched her jaw tighter.  "You do not wish to hear about myself."

	"Sure I do!"

	"Hmrnnngh..."  Roarke tilted her head aside.  "Breakfast..."

	"Huh?"

	"Did you eat anything this morning?"

	"Uhhh..."  Belle slowly shook her head.  "I... haven't gotten around to it, actually, no."

	"Hrmmmf... Very well then."  Roarke cracked the joints in her neck and leaned forward.  "I was foaled in the frozen mountains southwest of what you would call Franzington.  There was a terrible blizzard, and my mother was miles away from her ship and a heating source.  According to Terra, she had to slay a llama and carve out its still-bleeding abdomen to form an insulated sleeping niche.  We had little provisions, so we shared the meat of the placenta between us and..."



	"See anything, yet?" Rainbow Dash asked.

	Pilate sighed in the midst of scanning a wall full of carved symbols.  "It is ever an endless cycle, isn't it?"

	"Fine."  Rainbow rolled her eyes and trotted down the leaning temple hallway.  "Have you sensed anything yet?"

	"You were right about what you said," Pilate remarked while O.A.S.I.S. flashed its laser-light across the chamber.  "We've run across several of these symbols before.  Many of them hail back to the structure we camped at inside Foxtaur."

	Rainbow did a double-take.  "You remember that far back?"

	"Rainbow, I remember the first word I ever said."

	"'Boogers?'"

	"Actually, 'Ultimo.'"

	"I was close."

	"Hmmph..."  Pilate tilted his runic plate, chewing his lip in thought.  "Interesting..."

	"What?"

	"Do you notice anything different about the walls of this place compared to Stratopolis?"

	"Jee, mystical zebra, I thought that's what I brought you down here to figure out."

	"Humor me, if you will."

	"Uhhhh..."  Rainbow squinted at the etchings along the lantern-lit corridors of the place.  "Yeah, to be honest?  The carvings appear a lot sharper."

	"You mean the indentations are deeper?"

	"Right!  What's that supposed to mean?"

	"I didn't have a chance to use O.A.S.I.S. on the walls of Stratopolis."  Pilate turned his head towards Rainbow.  "But I'm willing to bet that their etchings all appeared collectively worn down."

	"And yet the ones here aren't?"  Rainbow rubbed her head.  "What's the reason for that, you think?  Cuz Stratopolis was exposed to storm and rain 