and stuff for so long?"

	"Did the weather reach into every interior of the buildings?"

	"Erm... well... n-no..."

	Pilate cocked his head aside.  "But something else did pollute the halls of that floating city.  Something horrendously corrosive and dangerous."

	Rainbow blinked.  Her eyes widened.  "The zombie slime!"

	Pilate nodded.  "And we both well know that we and the Lounge weren't the first ones to battle that horrendous substance inside Stratopolis."

	"Right, Commander Hurricane and her forces did.  Wait."  Rainbow turned and glanced down the hallway.  "...are you suggesting that this structure got separated from the rest of Stratopolis before Hurricane accidentally accessed the 'dark heart of Stratopolis?'"

	"It could be possible," Pilate thought out loud.  He began trotting down the hallway.  "It stands to reason that Hurricane wouldn't have felt the urgency of guarding that flying city until she discovered the ooze.  Maybe she and her troops had found a way to commandeer one of the buildings—"

	"—and sent it out like a scout ship?"

	"Precisely," Pilate said, nodding.  "Seems as though your ancient relative had invented a 'Whizzball' long before we did."

	"Stop calling her my 'ancient relative.'"

	"Why not?  It's pretty much a given at this point, isn't it?"

	"Yeah, I know... but..."  Rainbow winced, glancing behind her a distant cluster of elders.  "I just don't think it's a very smart thing to do right now."

	"You shouldn't be afraid of exposing reality, Rainbow," Pilate said.  "None of us should."

	"Belle seems to think otherwise."

	"Well, my beloved and I don't necessarily agreen on everythi—"  Pilate tripped.

	"Whoah!"  Rainbow caught him.  "Careful, buddy!  Didja forget you were in Stallion Wonder mode?"

	"Cute," Stallion wheezed.  "What did I just trip on?"

	"I dunno.  A rock, or something?"

	"Is that what I hear rattling?"

	"Huh?"  Rainbow glanced down the corridor.

	A tiny granite pebble slid down the floor.

	"It seems to be going awfully far," Pilate murmured.

	"Yeah, well, the floor's at a pretty steep lean."

	The pebble took a sudden right turn around the corner on its own.

	Rainbow blinked.  "Whoah."

	"Huh?"  Pilate craned his neck.  "What is it?"

	"Hold on."  Rainbow searched the floor.  She found another pebble, then kicked it.  Following it along with her eyes, she watched as it rolled down to an intersection of corridors, then suddenly and sharply bend to the right.  "Uhmmm... Pilate?"

	"Yes?"

	"How's your geology skills?"

	"Not too shabby.  Why?"

	She led the zebra forward.  "I think it's time we test your metal..."



	Sputtering.  Wretching.  Spitting.

	Roarke sighed, her lenses staring up at the ceiling of the Noble Jury's lavatory.  After a few seconds, she tilted her head down.  "Do you still require me to hold your hair?"

	"Just... snkkkt..."  Belle hissed, squatting before a wide porcelain bowl.  She spat a few more times and caught her breath.  "... a little wh-while longer..."

	"I told you this was a bad idea."

	"I'm f-fine... just... just..."  Belle winced, wiping her moist chin.  "Guhhh... How c-could any poor soul stand to survive that long in the desert... and disembowled?!"

	"If it helps to know, I had experienced far worse pain beforehand."

	"You were a t-teenager, Roarke!"

	"It's not as terrible as it sounds," Roarke said.  "In fact, I was able to use the raw teeth of a sand wyrm to staple my intestines back into place—"

	"Hraaaa-gghhullklttttt!"

	Roarke winced.  "P-perhaps it's best that I not... erm.. dw-dwell on the stories of my wilderness survival..."

	"Grghhhhl... pfttt... buhhh... th-that would be nice..."  Belle gulped.  "At least for a while."  She sat up, her eyes rolling back.  "Unngh...Praise Spark Zaid was telling the truth about Josho earlier..."

	"I beg your pardon?"

	"H-how about a happy story, Roarke?"  Belle brushed her bangs back and glanced sickly over her shoulder.  She bore a weary smile.  "How about—urp—the t-time 