you first met Imre?"

	Roarke's brow furrowed.  "You think that's a happy story?"

	"I don't know."  Belle gulped down bile and murmured, "Is it?"

	Roarke took a deep breath.  "I... don't really know.  I haven't shared it with many ponies."

	"Well, you can sh-share it with me!"  Belle said gently.  "I'm your friend."

	"My... friend."

	Belle simply stared at her.

	Roarke's ears twitched.  "Well... I suppose it is worth a shot."

	"Everything is worth a shot, Roarke."

	"Hmmm—I just remembered.  The sand wyrm's epidermal layer kept me warm overnight—"

	"Guhhhhhh—"

	"Imre!" Roarke blurted.  "Imre it is!"
		//------------------------------//
		// Just a Stone's Throw Away		//------------------------------//

	With a swift hoof, Rainbow Dash kicked a cluster of granite pebbles up the inclined corridor leading to the inner sanctum.  Almost immediately, they darted back in an eerie line and stopped dead against the metal floor.

	"Are they doing it each time?" Pilate asked.

	"Well, yeah, but... y'know..."  Rainbow shrugged.  "Gravity."

	"Carry them further into the temple strudture," Pilate suggested from where he stood.  "Beyond the adjacent hallway's corner, perhaps."

	"Yeah, I feel you."  Rainbow scooped up half-a-dozen tiny pieces of granite debris.  Holding her breath, she flew up, turned a corner, and stopped dead-center in a corridor full with etchings.  Kneeling in the lanternlight, she squatted down and "released" every pebble.  Without hesitation, they rolled forward down the hall, then zipped around the corner.  Rainbow followed them, gliding.  "Pilate, they're headed your way!" she shouted down towards him.

	He switched on O.A.S.I.S. just in time to scan them upon approach.  When they reached the layer of metal floor, they stopped dead, not rolling any further.  "Hmmm... interesting."  The zebra tilted his head up.  "Did they move around the corner like predicted?"

	"Yup.  It's gotta be more than just a matter of rolling down an incline."

	"I'm intrigued that they stop dead right against the metal here," Pilate said, pointing.  "It seems like they would naturally roll further along the even surface.  Instead, it's almost as if they're sticking magnetically to the metal as soon as they come into contact."

	"Stone being magnetically attracted to metal?"  Rainbow's face twisted.  "When did that ever make sense?"

	"It is the righteous glory of the Valkyrie Silver," said Fawful's voice.

	Rainbow turned to see the mare casually strolling down the granite corridor.

	"What you're witnessing isn't exactly new," Fawful said with a calm smile.  "Even Duranda's scrolls speak of the power that the inner sanctum has over the stone."  She pointed inwards towards the helmet and the glowing Gold Lights.  "The majesty of the Valkyrie's aura commands respect from both ponies and nature alike."

	"Does the 'Valkyrie Silver' attract anything else?" Pilate asked.  "These pebbles appear to have once been part of the granite structure's walls."

	"Indeed, the hallowed hallways before the inner sanctum aren't as immaculate as the place where the Gold Lights are made manifest," Fawful said.  "We've known that for eons."

	"Hmmm..."  Pilate scratched his chin.  "From what I'm discovering, though, it seems as if the machine world here has a particularly strong attraction to the material that makes up a Sentinel."

	"You mean Stratopolis?" Rainbow said to him.

	"Rainbow..."  Pilate tilted his head towards her.  "I would like to conduct another experiment, but this needs to be done outside."

	"You mean on the surface?"

	"Indeed."  Pilate pivoted towards Fawful.  "Assuming, of course, that the Gray Feathers will graciously allow us to take some of these granite rocks outside..."

	Fawful curtsied.  "I will talk to the elders concerning the matter..."




	Eagle Eye sat 	quietly at the ship's stern, his violet eyes glazed over with a dull sheen.  Slowly, he exhaled out his nostrils and stared at the emerald tree canopy of Durandana.  Every once in a while, a