thletic pegasi would fly up through the foliage, slicing the sky with their colorful wings.  The ex-mercenary was hardly enthused.

	He heard a slight commotion from behind him.  He turned to look, spotting Zaid in conversation with three winged mares.  The stallion said a few words, and the mares all exchanged glances, giggling mischievously before nodding in one accord.  Zaid smirked and bowed, then reached a hoof up towards one of them.

	Eagle squinted—

	"You know, the wind here really carries your perfume a long way."

	"Gah!" Eagle nearly fell off the ship.

	Josho steadied the petite stallion with his magic.  "Relax, kid.  Didn't meant to knock any of the fruit out of the basket."

	Eagle exhaled, glaring past Josho.  "For the thousandth time, I don't do perfume."

	"Then just what's your secret, huh?"  Josho smirked tiredly.  "You could tell me."

	"Mmmmm..."  Eagle bit his lip, squirming slightly.  "Sometimes... B-Belle's kind enough to let me borrow her conditioner."

	"For real?"  Josho grunted as he squatted his fat self down beside Eagle.  "But that mare's been sporting the Sinead O'Canter look for a while.  I figured it'd be the other way around."

	"Meh..." Eagle sighed into the warm winds of the basin.

	"Aaaaaaaand now you're back to being a mare.  Well that's find and dandy."  Josho was silent for a while.  His nostrils flared.  "But, for real, kid.  Just what's been sucking the color out of you lately?"

	"Don't bother, old stallion," Eagle said, sniffling.  "It's nothing for you to be concerned with."

	"What, you think all I do each day is sit around, eat, and fart?"

	"It has occurred to me..."

	"I wouldn't be on this friggin' pleasure cruise if it wasn't for a certain little girl in Franzington clothing."

	"You know..." Eagle gritted his teeth.  "I'm starting to get really sick and tired of you calling me a—"

	"Level with me and I'll knock it off."  Josho's gaze was firm.

	Eagle looked at him.  He sighed and stared back out into the jungled basin.  "You ever feel like you have everything figured out, and then life decides to blow up in your face and remind you how truly out of control everything is?"

	"Sounds like the first three times I almost got married."

	"How does somepony your age keep sane?"

	"Sanity's overrated," Josho grumbled.  "If I ended up keeping a 'level head' back in Ledomare, then I would have remained a guilty murderer and criminal forever, just like all the other 'sane ponies' that served the Queen."

	"It wasn't that bad..."

	"Are you kidding me, kid?"  Josho squinted.  "Turning my back on Shell and the Council of Ledo is the best thing I ever could have done.  It so happens it was also the most insane thing I could have done."

	Eagle rolled his eyes.  "You've told me all this before..."

	"Then give me something new to work with, ya filly stain!"  Josho nudged him.  "What's life done to you that's so terrible?  I mean, besides giving you a father that doesn't love you, ditching you as a fugitive in Foxtaur, chasing you towards the ends of the earth with changelings and zombie pegasi and mutant talking fox-furries and—"

	"Stop it!  Just... put a cork in it!"  Eagle's voice cracked.  "Spark, you suck at this!"

	Silence... until Josho murmured, "It's because your mommy clock has gone off, isn't it?"

	"It's Ebon, okay?!" Eagle screeched into Josho's ear, frowning.  "I'm upset over Ebon!  I've laid my heart down for him to see every squishy satin fold, and he buries me in the dust!"  Eagle panted and panted and panted.

	Josho reached over, patting Eagle's shoulder.  "Now... that wasn't so bad, was it—?"

	"And it's not that I'm mad at him, I'm m-mad at myself!" Eagle whimpered, burying his face in two hooves.  "Grnnngh... I-I thought that I could protect him, that I could reach out and give him a place to feel safe, secure, and loved.  But Ebon's wounds run too deep!  And it's n-not about him being shell-shocked or having daddy issues or swimming in pools of remorse over the war—he's got something so