 secret bottled up inside him that it's gonna keep him alone and isolated forever!  I thought I could help him, and that what we'd share together would be precious and special but I was wrong!  Stupid and wrong!  So... so friggin' stupid!"  Eagle finished his rambling woes with a sniffling sound.  He wiped his eyes dry and hugged himself as he stared out into the forests.

	Josho took a deep breath.  "It can't be easy to puch that much stock in love."

	"Pffft.  Jee... thanks for rubbing it in," Eagle muttered.

	"Hey, I wasn't dissing you," Josho said.  "If anything, I envy you."

	Eagle sniffed again and glared at the stallion.  "Bite your tongue..."

	"No, I mean it."  Josho gazed at him softly.  "You've never been a pony to do things the easy way.  When your family got pissed at you, you went to war anyhow.  When the Ledomaritan Confederacy reared its nasty head, you deserted.  When Rainbow Dash stumbled in on you and your war buddies in Foxtaur, you immediately took her side."

	As Eagle heard all of this, his expression softened beneath folded ears.

	Josho smirked.  "When you and I got joined at the hooves, you didn't kill me."

	"I wanted to," Eagle muttered.

	"Well, you could have tried harder."

	"Whatever..."

	"Not whatever," Josho said.  "In everything you've ever stumbled upon, you've always tried the friggin' hardest path to trot.  It's as if you've been doing nothing but trotting uphill all your life."

	"Yeah, well, maybe I'm a glutton for punishment."

	"Or perhaps you just believe in doing that which is good," Josho said.  "Because you're a good pony, kid."

	Eagle bit his lip.

	Josho exhaled heavily, glaring out onto the tree tops.  "And... all things considered... you would... nnngh... be the best possible catch for Ebon."

	Eagle did a double-take.  "Huh...?"

	"And we both know that ain't easy."

	"You believe that?" Eagle remarked.

	"Sure, why not?"

	"You."  Eagle squinted hard.  "You of all ponies believe that."

	"Look, I just said it, didn't I?!"  Josho growled.  "Do you need me to draw you a diagram in my own feces or something?!"

	Eagle Eye shook and shook and shook his head.

	"Hrmmmm..."  Josho scratched his chins as he said, "I've always believed that ponies deserved that which they work hard for.  I just never practiced what I preached because I always had ponies around me—like Secchy—who could do it way better than I could.  At some point, I just got tired of trying all the time.  What's the point in aiming towards life's goals if somepony somewhere is just gonna show you who's the real boss?  It's shameful, not to mention stupid and pointless."

	Josho glanced down at the metal surface of the Jury's stern.

	"But then... y'know... I met you, kid.  And suddenly it was okay to believe in something again.  And to be proud."  He gulped and looked at the smaller unicorn.  "You make me very... very proud, Eagle Eye.  And it sucks the Queen's tits to think that anything in life can still manage to make you sad."

	Eagle Eye gulped.  Though his cheeks burned slightly, he sadly murmured, "Yeah, well... your pity added to mine isn't gonna do much."

	"It ain't pity," Josho muttered.  "Unless... all you've got stored up for Ebon is pity too."

	Eagle grimaced at that.

	"Well, is it?"

	Eagle sniffled, rubbing a tear off his cheek.  "N-no..."

	"Then I guess there's only one outcome to this," Josho murmured, staring out onto the trees again.  "Somepony's gonna keep fighting."

	Eagle Eye shook his head, fighting back a sob.  "There's nothing to fight for.  It's a lost cause."

	"Heh..."  Josho shrugged.  "If you say so."  With a grunt, he stood up and shuffled towards the far end of the airship.  "But I used to believe in lost causes before..."  A glaring eye.  "Until I met you."

	Eagle gazed up at him.

	"But... seriously, though..."  Josho gave the stallion's shoulder one last slap.  "Just buy your own friggin' conditioner, ya feel me?"  And he trotted off.

	Eagle Eye looked after him, then gazed forward.  Sighing