, he hugged himself tighter, his face melancholic... yet contemplative.




	"Here goes nothing!" Rainbow Dash soared straight up, scaling the heights of Central D.  Her wings flapped harder than usual, for she was carrying a heavy burlap bag in her forelimbs.  Looking straight down in mid-ascent, she could spot the tiny specks of Pilate, Fawful, and other ponies down below.

	At last, once she was level with the summit to the tower, she angled her wings and strafed westward a bit.

	"Okay!" she shouted down for posterity's sake.  "I'm a little to the left of the entrance!  Ready?!  Here goes!"

	Then, holding her breath, she turned the bag over and emptied its contents.  No less than two dozen granite pebbles spilled out.  Before they could even be caught in the winds of Durandana, they took a sharp right and flew diagonally downward through the air like a serpent.

	"Whoah!"  Rainbow exclaimed.  With a devilish smirk, she dove down and flew after the rocks.

	As fast as Rainbow flew, the rocks somehow descended faster.  What's more, they accelerated, causing the air around them to whistle.

	"Uhhhh..."  Rainbow cupped two hooves around her muzzle.  "Look out below!"

	Several of the ponies flinched.  The First-Borns "guarding" the wooden latch to the inner sanctum actually jumped out of the way.  Cl-cl-cl-clackk!  Every stone embedded itself into the wooden beams acting as the floor to the basin at the tower's summit.

	"Great Sp-Spark!" Pilate stammered as Fawful helped him regain balance.

	Fwoosh!  Rainbow nimbly touched down.  "Did you see that?!"

	"Rainbow—"

	"You know what I mean.  Whip out O.A.S.I.S. already, ya melon fudge."

	Holding his breath, Pilate floated his manasphere out and scanned where the stones had landed.

	"You saw that, though, right, Fawful?"  Rainbow gestured towards the elder.  "They took a sharp turn in the air, moving over from where I released them!"

	"Unlike the natural stones you gathered from the crater's wall," Pilate murmured in mid-scan.

	"Totally!"  Rainbow grinned.  "Those fell straight down, but these flew directly towards this spot right here!"

	"What's more... th-they're still moving," Pilate said as his manalight streamed over the rattling rocks.  "Or, at least they're trying to move... as if they can somehow manage to squeeze through the wooden lattices."

	"Forgive me if I sound unenthused," Fawful murmured with a curious expression.  She shrugged.  "But this isn't exactly an alarming discovery—at least not to us."  She gestured at the rocks while onlookers gathered around in a circle.  "We've always known that the rocks from the outer sanctum were attracted to what lies beneath."

	"Yes... but why?"  Pilate tapped his chin in thought.  "Hmmm... perhaps if—"

	"What?"  Rainbow hovered in front of him.  "Tell me what your zebra eyes see!"

	"If the machine world of the rings and the sentinels that orbit them are all cut from the same cloth of Urohringr..."  Pilate tilted his head up towards the pegasus.  "Then perhaps that might explain the purposeful attraction between them."

	"So, in other words, any piece of Stratopolis would be attracted to the metal surface below?"  Rainbow said.

	"Precisely."

	"Then—like—why would the dislodged temple structure land here?"  Rainbow shrugged.  "I mean, the metal surface is beneath the whole earth and everywhere, right?  So wouldn't the temple that Duranda and company were on just slam into any continent?  Or the ocean floor for that matter?"

	"Uhm..."  Fawful squirmed where she stood.  "Any chance you ponies could slow down?  I'm having a hard time followi—"

	"Rainbow, take a look around you," Pilate remarked.  "I imagine this basin is far too vast for the average eye to see in its entirety."

	"You have a point there, Pilate.  But so what?"

	"Do you honestly think that a single building from Stratopolis could have made an impact crater of this magnitude?"

	"Well... s-sure!"

	"How?"

	"What if it flew down here really really fast?"

	"Then we'd be