 talking rather astronomical speeds, Rainbow," Pilate said.  "Not to mention improbable.  Tell me, just how would Duranda and the rest of Commander Hurricane's soldiers have survived?"

	"Uhhh..."  Rainbow gulped, then grinned awkwardly.  "Lots and lots of pillows...?"

	"I believe that something else caused this crater, Rainbow," Pilate said.  He began pacing across the wooden beams.  "I'm talking about something long, long ago—eons before the likes of the Ledomaritans and the Xonans blasted open a piece of the earth to give Nightshade access to the Machine World.  I'm willing to bet it was something that happened long before even the founding of Equestria—so long ago that it afforded nature the time it needed to form a perfect tropical niche in this very basin."

	"But—like—how far back are we talking?!"  Rainbow shrugged.  "The way you put it, it's almost as if we'd had have to go all the way to—"  She paused in mid-speech, blinking.

	Pilate scuffled to a stop and pivoted towards her.  He tilted his head up.

	Rainbow murmured, "The Sundering."

	"The what?" Fawful stammered.

	"Rainbow, since our run-in with the Herald, we've had every reason to believe that the sundering of the ring—Urohringr—was something that was forced to happen by malevolent parties."

	Rainbow gulped.  "Or just one bunch of bad eggs."

	"Right.  Regardless, we can't even pretend to guess how the rings are to be properly separated.  But if it was all done forcefully—even unnaturally—then it's safe to assume that the process was anything but smooth."  Pilate gestured all around him.  "I'm willing to believe that whatever caused this crater was something transpiring on such a large scale that it would shatter our comprehension."

	"Like..."  Rainbow gritted her teeth.  "Like maybe this crater was caused... b-by another piece of the ring?"

	"Just try to imagine," Pilate said.  "Several large objects, aloft in chaotic space, suddenly separated from one another.  This was long before the alicorns came upon this plane and blessed it with harmony.  Beforehand, everything must have been subject to the rampant laws of nature and physics.  I'm willing to bet that the pieces of the ring collided with one another due to the force of gravity... perhaps even more than once!  It would certainly explain a crater of this size."

	Rainbow gulped.  "It might explain something like the 'Grand Choke' too."

	"Now, that's pushing it a bit, don't you think?"

	"Hey, just trying to be ahead of the curve."

	"And an impact like that could have been sufficient enough to expose the machine world's surface from beneath the geological topography," Pilate thought out loud.  "That's why there's no door down in the Inner Sanctum, Rainbow.  It was never built to be accessed.  It was simply dug up by unforeseen events.  And then, over the millennia that passed, an ecosystem developed here—but the machine world was still exposed in the very center of the crater.  And when a piece of the sentinel that Commander Hurricane discovered was separated from the rest—without any means of its own propulsion—"

	"It shot its way here like a bullet!" Rainbow exclaimed.  "Attracted by the energy of the machine world n'stuff!"

	"And yet both the structures of Stratopolis and the Machine World are mutually responsive to the energy force of you, the Austraeoh," Pilate said.  "Which explains why you and Commander Hurricane both cause the Gold Lights."

	"Uhm... pardon me..."  Fawful leaned her head in, squinting.  "The Austraeoh?"  She gawked.  "Just what is that?"

	Pilate twitched visibly.  He turned towards Rainbow.  "Rainbow...?"

	"Uhhhhhh...."  Rainbow gulped.  "Eh heh heh..."

	"Rainbow..."  Pilate sighed, his ears folded.  "Please... please tell me you've told them..."

	"Told us what?"  Fawful's head darted back and forth.  Her ears flounced from the heaviness of her heartbeat.  "What is 'Austraeoh?'"

	Pilate tapped his hoof, jaws clenched.

	Rainbow bit her lip.  "So... uh... h-how 'bout lunch?"  She chuckled ne