rvously, hovering on drooped wings.  "A nice... long... informative lunch?  Heh heh heh heh..."



	Props strolled into the cockpit, yawning.  "Mmmmmm-nyupppp... 'Afternoon, Handsome."

	"Hey hey hey," Floydien muttered while digging into several metal conduits.

	"Hmmm... still pulling apart Nancy Jane's guts?"

	"Floydien has nothing better to do," the elk said.  "This basin gives Floydien the shimmer jimmers, and these winged boomers are too cheerful for their own good.  Yes yes yessss."

	"Awwww..."  Props smiled.  "I bet you'd like them if you'd get to know them."

	"Kera."

	"Huh?"

	"The little boomerette, Kera," Floydien muttered.  "She says the same thing.  Grnngh... sometimes I think the Nancy Jane boomers are out to turn Floydien's skin another color."

	"Heeheehee!  It's just because we care so much about you!"

	"Then it's best to leave Floydien alone with Floydien's skin."

	"Pfft.  Where's the fun in that?"  Props glanced all around with bright blue eyes.  "And speaking of fun, where did Zaidy Waidy run off to?"

	"Hmmmfff... blonde boomer means the one with hairy brown brown?"

	"Yupperooni!"

	"Grfff..."  Floydien's antlers sparkled as he fused a few wires together.  "Lavender boomer saw him earlier on the top deck..."

	"Ahhhhh."  Props turned and trotted out the cockpit door.  "Okay.  Thankies!"

	"Yes yes yes... apparently he was flying off with three winged boomerettes to their tree house."

	Props skidded to a stop, her eyes twitching wildly while her coat went pale.

	"They were certainly full of the giggle glimmer, lavender says.  Hmmmf.  Must be something boomerettes all share in the same same."  Floydien looked over his shoulder.  "Yes yes yes?"  Silence.  "Blonde boomer?"

	Props was gone, nowhere to be seen.

	"Hrmmm..."  Floydien turned back to the consoles with a neutral expression.  "Blood blood blood."
		//------------------------------//
		// Whoah, Hold Your East Horses		//------------------------------//

	"...and, from what I can tell—at least—the flames from this machine world empower Rainbow Dash in mesmerizing ways," Pilate said from across the wooden chamber.  "She's capable of controlling ancient mechanisms that remain dormant for everypony else.  In other cases, she's been able to restore harmony by returning the magical fire to the pedestals where they belong."

	"And these... these ancient words," Fawful murmured, squinting from where she sat across the lantern-lit interior alongside several other elders  "You have found them in various places?"

	"Throughout the continent of Ledomare and beyond," Pilate said with a nod.  "And on top of that you have all of the landscapes Rainbow Dash has flown through previously, not to mention the symbols found in Stratopolis itself."

	"And..."  Fawful exchanged glances with the other Gray-Feathers, then glanced back at the zebra.  "These... these dragon creatures also recognize this?"

	"They're called the Divines, and Rainbow Dash knows more about them than I do," Pilate said.  "But, to answer your question, yes—the dragon Axan—a guardian far older than all of our lives combined—recognized Rainbow Dash as this 'Austraeoh.'  It's precisely why she spared the mare's life."

	The elders all murmured amongst themselves.

	Fawful rubbed her chin in thought.  Slowly, she got up and shuffled past Pilate, staring at a figure in the windowsill.  "Rainbow Dash..."  She frowned slightly.  "All this time, you never once thought of explaining all of this to us?"

	Rainbow Dash was perpetually face-hoofing.  After a prolonged sigh, she muffled into her forelimbs.  "Grffff... I wish somepony would explain it to myself..."

	"Even still, you should have told me, Rainbow."

	"Tell you what?!"  Rainbow looked up.  "'Oh, by the way, Fawful, not only are your Sun and Moon controlled by these winged unicorn thingies called Alicorns, but I'm this magically gifted harbinger of flame and sparkles who may be of the same bloodline as the ancient mare you've worshipped since foaling!'"

	"Rainbo