believe that there's an even greater connection between yourself and the Valkyrie?"  This only caused the elders behind her to stammer.

	Rainbow hesitated, then eventually said, "A connection?"  She gulped.  "Probably so.  But..."  She stepped forward.  "Hurricane and I were never the same thing!  Please... please don't believe that!  It's not what I wanted you to believe!"

	Fawful stared squarely at Rainbow.  "But what do you believe?"

	Rainbow stood stock still.  "I believe..."  Eventually, she slumped back on her haunches and muttered.  "I believe that things were really dang simple when all I ever had to worry about was strange caves and giant eels..."
		//------------------------------//
		// A Bird Finds Its Nest		//------------------------------//

	Thud!

	Josho glanced up from a gun he was cleaning.

	Across the mess hall table from him, Props had just slapped a bowl of lettuce down.  She plopped limply into a chair, scooted up noisily, and began munching with wild abandon.  Her peach-colored ears were folded back over a perpetual scowl.

	Josho blinked.  Shrugging, he returned his gaze to his weapon as he scrubbed the inner pieces.  At last, he muttered out the side of his muzzle, "There a salad eating contest I don't know about?"

	"It's scrumptious," Props blurted, continuing to scarf away.  "I like stuff that tastes good."

	Josho felt his mane flouncing from the volume of her statement.  "Hmmm... glad to know that it's having such a positive effect on you."

	"Did you need something?" Props gargled between salad bits.  "Because I don't have time for big bouncy meanie heads!"

	"H-hey... just casual conversation," Josho said.  "Besides, the war's over, lady."

	Props sighed, slumping back in her chair as her expressions softened.  "I'm super sorries.  It's just that..."

	"Something dead in the womb?"

	"It's Zaidy Waidy," Props slurred, her eyes jaded and emotionless.  "Handsome said that he saw him leave the ship earlier this morning with three or four winged mares."

	"Floydien said that, huh?"

	"And I dunno why it's bothering me, but... I-I just can't get my mind bubbles off it," Props said with a sigh.

	"Well, I saw Zaid leave myself," Josho said.  "And I can tell you right now that Floydien's totally wrong."

	Props gasped wide, beaming.  "Really?!  You mean it?"

	"Yup."  Josho nodded.  "It was more like ten winged mares."

	Props' jaw hung open.  Slowly, her eartips lowered towards the table.

	Josho blinked.  "Hmmm..."  With a nervous shuffle, he slid out of his chair.  "I... th-think I'm gonna... uhm... go carry my gun..."  He waddled away.  "...to the opposite side of the Jury."

	As he left, Props sat in the chair, her muzzle frozen.  Slowly—like a geological tremor—her eyebrows began twitching... and twitching and twitching and twitching and—



	Rainbow Dash sat on the edge of a platform overlooking the western canopy beneath Central D.  Before her, the basin's mists parted ways to reveal scarlet beams from the sunset.  As the crimson light swept over the treetops, various Durandanans retreated home in lazy droves.  Rainbow could see friends laughing and wrestling with each other in midair.  Closer to the upper branches, lovers nuzzled each other and wandered inside just in time to evade the shadows of evening.

	Rainbow took a deep breath.  She closed her eyes, relishing a fresh breeze as it toyed with her bangs and filled her nostrils with coolness.  She held a hoof out, feeling each drift of the wind current.

	"It's not forbidden, you know."

	Rainbow's eyes opened.  She looked over her shoulder.  "Hmmm?"

	Fawful strolled up from the elders' building.  Her bleached threads danced in the breeze.  "Flying.  You strike me as a pony who does her best thinking when she gusts."

	Rainbow sighed, glaring at the horizon.  "I've had my full of thinking lately."

	"Hmmm..."  Fawful smirked slightly as she stood at the edge beside Rainbow.  "If only some of us could be so lucky."

	Rainbow winced.  She closed her eyes, grumbled, a