while the gobbling maw of the frost wyrm tore through the metal behind her.  “Not… so g-good… on land!”

    “Friggin’ A!”  Rainbow darted over, positioning herself at the snapping turtle’s stubby tail.  She pushed with two forelimbs, slipping on the slick floor.  So she spun around, putting her back into it as she shoved against the creature’s shell with all her might.  “Gnnnngh!”

    Craakkkk!  A layer of serrated teeth slammed into the floor just centimeters from Rainbow’s hooves.

    The breathless pegasus slumped backwards over Elma’s shell.  “Duahhhhhhh…!”

    The turtle glanced back.  “Is it close?”

    “You can pull your legs in, right?”

    “Y-yeah!  Every turtle can since hatching--”

    Rainbow spun around and gripped opposite sides of her shell.  “Do it!  Do it now!”

    “Oh gosharooni!”  Elma’s limbs retreated into her body.

    “Nnnnnnnnngh!”  Rainbow’s facial muscles contorted as she carried the weight of herself and the giant reptile on her wings alone.  She fluttered forward just seconds before the giant wyrm’s jaws slashed through the floor where they were situated.  With agonizingly slow grace, the pegasus threw the two of them into the morbidly freezing pool.  Once submerged, the collapsing ship sounded off with echoing salvos against Rainbow’s twitching ears.  She held Elma’s body for buoyancy and paddled her hooves behind the two of them, propelling both through the murky depths.  The faint light of unicorn magic shone ahead, and Rainbow propelled the pair upwards as bubbles erupted all around them.

    Four bodies jolted backwards, wide-eyed.

    “Spppkkkkkt… guhhh!”  Rainbow hissed, shoving Elma’s shell onto dry metal, shivering.  “Like f-foaling… sn-snowponies… I swear!  Mmmnnffngh!”

    “Rainbow!  What happened?!”  Eagle Eye leaned forward with her coat.  “Who’s this stallion?  Did you find Prowse!”

    Rainbow batted his hoof away and jumped up on jittery hooves.  “It’s r-right behind us!”

    “What is?” Eagle asked.

    Hcrkkkk!  The partially-caved-in ceiling finally collapsed entirely, revealing the moist throat and lashing teeth of the arctic eel.

    “Ackies!” Eagle stumbled backwards, tripping on Rainbow’s coat.

    “It’s gonna gobble us like gob-gobs!” Props shrieked into Prowse’s shoulder.

    “Hook hooves wi' me, bonnie lassie!”  Prowse extended his left forelimb into a glowing cannon.  Clakka-clak!  “An' i'll feed thes jobby taker some flak!”  Kapow!  Pow!

    The frost wyrm groaned as the high calibre shots took chunks of its teeth and gums away.  The water turned red as it churned closer.

    “Stop it!”  Rainbow wheezed from where she slid across the trembling floor with Elma’s shell.  “No sense in making it more ticked off than it already is--”

    ”Raaaaaaaaaaaaugh!”  Josho stormed forward, unloading several blasts of his shotgun into the monster’s mouth.

    The creature’s muscles quivered with each violent impact.  Once enough of its flesh had been torn away, it shook, shimmied, and slinked away from the crumpled hull.

    Josho gritted his teeth, grinning into the smoke from his levitating gun.  “Nnnnngh--Buck yeah!”  He spun with a wicked smirk tossed Prowse’s way.  “Friggin’ finally!  A pony who likes to party my way!”

    “Ach, brae, sonny jim!”

    “Uhhhhh…”  Eagle’s glowing horn illuminated the dust and flakes of metal falling from the ceiling.  “Rainbowwwww?”

    “We need to get out of here!” Rainbow shouted.

    “The Jury should be right outside!” Props squeaked.

    “Skelp my baheid!”  Prowse glanced at her.  “Ye hae an airship?!”

    “I’d think so!”  Props nodded, blonde bangs flouncing.  “I’ve been in her womb all month!”

    “If Ah kent ye hud it in ye tae be a fanny filly Ah woods hae hoofed ye a brush insteid ay wrench!”  Prowse heaved the gasping mare onto his back and broke int