nd said, "Fawful, I... I think I may have made a mistake coming here."

	"Oh?"  Fawful squatted down daintily beside her.  "And what makes you say that?"

	"Just imagine," Rainbow muttered.  "If a sky stone vessel like ours hadn't pierced the winds of the sky stabs and shown up here..."  She blew out the side of her muzzle and stared down at the treetops.  "We'd never have bothered with Durandana to begin with.  We wouldn't have blown anypony's minds with the idea of a huge... huge world.  And we certainly wouldn't have made you rethink the whole Valkyrie business."

	"Hmmmm..."  Fawful smiled.  "And who said anything was being rethought, Rainbow?"

	"Huh?"  Rainbow blinked at the elder.  "But I thought—I mean... with all of the stuff that Pilate and I..."

	"The way tomorrow's Durandanans will think and feel is up to time to decide, not you, Rainbow Dash," Fawful said.  "And if you must know, though I was raised from a sparrow to respect the glory of the Valkyrie, I know in my heart that she speaks to me, as she speaks to all of us.  I'd not have carried my weight as a Gray Feather if this wasn't the case."

	"Yeah, but... y-you were First-Born!" Rainbow exclaimed.  "You didn't have a choice!"

	"You really believe we're that simple, hmmm?"  Fawful asked.

	Rainbow blinked.  "I don't know what to believe."  She glanced down at the trees once again.  "Though, it's been my experience that nothing in this world is simple."  She sighed.  "And I, for one, would really... really like simple."

	Fawful gazed quietly at her.  "Rainbow, please... don't feel bad for that which you've shown us.  I don't believe that it's in your heart to complicate things for anypony."

	"Okay—if... like..."  Rainbow fidgeted as she spoke.  "Say there was some nasty dragon enslaving all of you—and I had the challenge of kicking its tail.  That would be a way cooler situation than what's going on right now!"  She gulped.  "Or if it was a bunch of bullies in airships and managliders, I could deal with that crud before breakfast!  But... but this whole legacy of the Valkyrie business..."  Rainbow cringed, hugging herself.  "It's been a long, long time since I felt like an idiot.  And the worst part is I'm sure things would be a lot less messy if I hadn't tried to tell you guys anything in the first place."

	"But you couldn't, could you?" Fawful remarked.  "You were destined to come here."

	"Me being 'Austraeoh' has nothing to do with it—" Rainbow's eyes bulged.  She flashed Fawful a nervous look.  "Wait... don't tell me that you're starting to believe—"

	Fawful giggled.  "I only answer to one calling, Rainbow Dash.  And she manifests destiny through her own glory.  There are many elders already debating whether or not your arrival here may have been prophesied in the scrolls."

	"Please..."  Rainbow clenched her eyes shut, wincing.  "Don't go there.  Don't have them go there.  I am totally not some... fr-friggin' Valkyrie apostle or something."

	"You're an awesome pegasus, Rainbow Dash," Fawful said, then shook her head.  "But you're far from worship material."

	Rainbow blinked.  "Oh..."

	"But, it's certainly something worth contemplating."  Fawful cocked her head to the side.  "Maybe Celestia and Luna play into the Valkyrie's glorious legacy.  Maybe they don't.  But you?"  She took a calm breath and said, "Perhaps... just perhaps... you were meant to arrive here in Durandana by all the powers combined."

	"What for?" Rainbow muttered.  "You know enough about me.  Even Pilate can tell you that I haven't have much left in my system."

	"Precisely."

	Rainbow flashed Fawful a look.

	The Gray-Feather was silent.

	Rainbow gulped.  "But... but my friends," Rainbow murmured.  "Val Roa... my journey..."  Her eyes narrowed.  "The Midnight Armory and the Harmonic Prism..."

	"I..."  Fawful winced slightly.  "...I know v-very little about the last subject matter, even though you and your striped friend went to great lengths to explain it to us."

	"Yeah.  My bad.  The two of us can be full of wo