rds at times."

	"But... if the Valkyrie—or 'Commander Hurricane' as you speak of her—could not complete her journey, though she was bound by the same purpose as you, then what's to say that your final resting places lies so far ahead?"  Fawful stared intently at Rainbow Dash.  "Maybe it's here, Rainbow Dash.  Maybe this is where you were meant to arrive... and where you were meant to stay?"

	Rainbow's face was stuck in a perpetual grimace, but she couldn't summon the strength to retort.  Eventually, she swallowed a lump down her throat and said, "Then just what is the nature of 'Austraeoh?'  My friends—Bellesmith, Pilate, Kera—all of this Eljunbyro and Odrsjot gobbily-gook!  Was it all for nothing?!"

	"You think your Commander Hurricane lacked any of the same things?"

	"I... I don't know..."

	"It would seem as if her glory was passed on to you."  Fawful said.  "Like a torch, if you will.  Perhaps, then, you have a torch to pass along yourself?"

	Rainbow bit her lip.  She heard a rattling sound, then glanced down to see that her hoof was grasping her pendant.

	Fawful quietly said, "I'm simply saying what has been dwelling on my mind since you and Pilate told us more about you.  Perhaps now you can understand why I wish you to tell me everything that you possibly can, Rainbow.  You need not be alone in contemplating the nature of your presence here."

	Rainbow shuddered.  "The reason I stopped to begin with... is because something about this place..."  She gazed up at the misty heights.  "...keeps me from feeling so alone."

	"And what of your friends?" Fawful said.

	Rainbow's nostrils flared.  She stared out onto the jungle with a melancholic gaze.  "No matter what happens—whether I live or die, whether I make it to the ends of the world or not, I am going to have to leave them."  She gulped, her voice cracking slightly.  "Just like I left m-my other friends..."

	Fawful stared at her silently.

	"It's been one adventure after another.  Constant battles.  Ledomaritans this and Xonans that."  Rainbow winced.  "I've... h-had the luxury of ignoring the problem.  But... what's the point?  I'm dying, and it's only getting worse.  Sure, the flames of the machine world help me a little bit—but even they are getting flimsier... watered down."  She gulped.  "When I first set off, the flight was just a challenge to myself.  I wasn't sure if I would make it or not—but I just didn't care.  And now...?"

	"Yes?"

	Rainbow's ears drooped.  "...now I'm starting to think that I should have kept that mindset the whole dang time."  She chewed on her lip, eventually turning to glance at Fawful.  "What do you think I should do?"

	"I only barely know you, Rainbow Dash," Fawful said.  "You've done so much... given us so much to think about and be amazed at.  But, beneath all of that, I can see a very brave and loyal mare... who's also very weary and exhausted."  Fawful smiled gently.  "That's the real reason I think you came here.  Whether the Valkyrie willed it or Harmony itself."

	Rainbow blinked.  "A bird to its nest."  She clenched her jaw, then stared out.

	Silence reigned.

	"There... w-was another reason I came out here," Fawful said.  "It's to tell you that the elders are still prepared to speak with Celestia, provided you can make such a thing possible with the Sword of Solstice."

	"It is..."  Rainbow nodded.  "And I can.  But right now... I-I just can't think of anything."

	"Perhaps you would like to retire along with your friend on your vessel?"

	"Nah.  Too early for that," Rainbow said.  Stretching her limbs, she stood up, spread her wings, and hovered up.  "I may hate thinking, but it's something I gotta do from time to time.  And there's only one way to do it."

	Fawful chuckled.  "Just be sure to maintain a high altitude.  There are lot of herders and foragers gliding back home this time of the evening."

	"Yeah... don't wanna blow any more ponies' minds."  Rainbow drifted off with a bittersweet grin.  "Stay young.  You know you can."  With a blue hoof sal