ute, she was gone.

	Fawful watched her fly off.  She gently exhaled, then leaned her chin on her forelimbs with an expression of mute melancholy.



	"I'm not even remotely joking," Bellesmith said with a pleasant smile as she and Roarke trotted down the stairwell at the rear of the Jury.  "After having just sequenced with Nightshade, I had Rainbow Dash's memories freshly resurfaced in my head.  It was like I was born to kick flank in ways that would make a Royal Guardspony jealous!"

	"I had heard stories of how you single-hoofedly stole a dozen orphans from the confines of a northern airship," Roarke said, trotting down the steps along with her.

	"Oh, and don't forget the time I saved Phoenix from a skyscraper armed to the teeth with Nightshade's personally-hired stormtroopers!"

	"Hrmmm... I'm only familiar with your frail exterior."  Roarke's lenses retracted.  "I had assumed that there wasn't a single drop of warrior's blood to be found in you."

	"And just how do you think I made it out of Stratopolis alive, hmmm?"  Belle swiveled to a stop, smirking proudly at the metal mare.  "I may fancy peace and civility, Roarke, but I'm not exactly a weakling."  She winked.  "You can ask Pilate that."

	"I'm not certain he can judge you for the same qualities that we're talking about."

	"Oh, you can ask him about that too."  Belle grinned wide.  "Then you'll find out just what's black, white, and red all over."  Belle giggled merrily, reeling on the platform.  At last, she caught her breath—but when she did so she heard a strange, raspy noise.  Almost like a faded siren was going off in the distance.  She glanced all around, finally discovering the origin of the sound in Roarke's throat.

	Roarke silenced herself upon Belle's stare.  Her lips melted back to a neutral expression.  Silence—save for the whirring of her lenses.  "That... was humorous, was it not?"

	Belle smirked.  "It is now."

	"Hmmm..."  Roarke's ears twitched, and her lips curved slightly.  "So be it."  She took one bold step into the hangar—then froze in place.

	"Huh?"  Belle nearly stumbled into Roarke's flank.  "What's the matter, Roarke?"

	"Whizzball."  Roarke droned.  A beat.  She winced, gnashing her teeth.  "My transport."

	"Huh?"  Belle leaned her head in.  "What about it—?"  She blinked curiously.

	The hangar was empty, and its rear doors hung open to the red mists of the evening.

	Roarke's limb muscles tightened in their metal braces.  "Just who would be stupid enough to take it?"



	CRASSSSH!

	A bulbous black sphere exploded through a wooden wall.

	With a shriek, two Durandanan stallions and a mare rolled out of a bed and pressed their shivering, sweating bodies to the far end of the treehouse interior.  Their eyes were wide as saucers.

	Hisssss!  The doors to the sphere groaned open with flickering manalight.  An angry, angry mare leapt out and slid to a stop across the tangled bedsheets.

	"Featherless gull!"  Props barked.  "Mud-brown mane streak!  Smells like unwashed horseshoes and a bag of potato chips!  Where did he go?!"

	"Uhhhh... uhhhhhhhh..." The pegasi stammered.

	"Hckkkkkkkk-clkkk-clkkk-clkkk!"  Props' head forward like a tank turret, her teeth gritting so hard they produced sparks.  Blue eyes lit up with nebulous flame.

	"Guhhh—Two trees down!" the winged mare stammered, pointing with a shivering hoof out the nearest door.  "Lower branches!  Red doorstop!  You c-can't miss it!"

	"Thankies!" Props sang with the briefest of melodic breaths, then swiveled about, once more a living torpedo.  "Grrrrrrr-rrrrrr-rrrrrrr!"  She galloped out of the building so quickly that the wooden planks beneath her turned briefly red with heated friction.
		//------------------------------//
		// Rainbow Dash Flies In Circles		//------------------------------//

	The stars broke out overhead.  Even through the misty haze of the Durandanan Basin, Rainbow Dash could see them—not for very long, though, for she was frequently closing her eyes.

	Rainbow glided at a perpetual cur