ve, angling her left wings along the bend in the basin.  As the crater ran in a circle, so did she, pivoting at a snail's pace while otherwise majestically soaring over the dense jungle and foliage below.  When the wind blew at her feathers, she didn't fight it, allowing herself to drift up and down with whatever whim the weather exhibited.  She relished in the chorus of countless crickets alone, in the rustle and dance of trees.

	It had been a long time since Rainbow Dash had flown in a circle.  In a lot of ways, it almost felt like flying in a straight line.  The beginning of the flight mattered little, and there was seemingly no end.  So long as she maintained a consistent pace and mastered the wind currents, then she could seemingly fly on forever.

	However, Rainbow Dash knew that she couldn't.  At any given moment, the flight would end.  It could have been in her next breath.  It could have been several months later.  Ultimately, it mattered little.  Despite the immortal strength of her will, the elements would hold sway when all was said and done.

	She had always imagined a glorious death.  In fact, she had earned herself one.  But that wasn't enough, and destiny evidently wouldn't settle for what Rainbow Dash deemed "acceptable."  For a moment, Rainbow contemplated that she had never been flying in a straight line at all, but instead several spiraling circles that just got smaller and smaller over time, dragging in various innocent lives into the cyclone until the revolutions eventually ended.  Would it culminate in a gentle release or a calamitous implosion?  Rainbow couldn't even pretend to guess.

	When Rainbow Dash began her journey, she received the blessings of Luna and Celestia.  She never expected to experience such grace when her flight ended.  But here—in Durandana—Fawful and the other pegasi were extending a blessing of their own.  What was the need to fight anymore?  She had lost friends and gained some more.  She had lived more than one life in a single gust.  Despite all of the pain and fighting and struggle, Rainbow began to wonder—perhaps she had a lot to be thankful for?  Perhaps she had everything to be thankful for—

	The world inexplicably spun.

	Rainbow's eyes flashed open, red on yellow.  She hissed in pain, clutching her skull as she flew straight towards spiraling trees.  "Nnnngh—L-Luna!"  A sea of branches hurled towards her from beyond the mist.  "Guhh... f-for buck's sake!"  Gritting her teeth, Rainbow reached through the numbness and flapped her wings hard.  She couldn't feel it, but her eyes told her that she was evening out.  She angled her feathers in such a way to pull her vision up and over the rustling tree canopy.  There was a flash of stars, then scattering leeves.

	Rainbow's body impacted off a tree branch.

	"Augh!"  She spun twice.  She couldn't register enough pain to tell how much damage had been done.  She could trust her body to be tough enough, even if she couldn't trust gravity at the moment.

	Her head turned to the side.  She saw another branch slicing its way towards her.

	"Hrghhh!"  Rainbow hooked a hoof out, catching the branch with her forelimb.  The resulting jolt broke through the dizziness, sending her blood surging through her petite frame.  She awakened to enough senses to toss herself upwards.  Leaping from the branch, she spread her wings again, slowing her descent with enough grace to come gliding lazily towards a pair of outstretched tree limbs.  Once above them, she coiled her feathers, and fell down hard.  "Ooomf!"

	The tree branches caught her.  She nestled her weight against them, relishing in the cold touch of the bark as her body slowly, slowly spun to a stop.  She clutched her head, her pained eyes returning to their vibrant ruby hue.

	"Mmmnngh... just... pull yourself together..."  Rainbow clenched her teeth and squeezed her eyes tight.  "You've got m-more left in you than this!  Focus... focus, Rainbow!  For the love of all that's awesome, focus!"

	She wasn't aware of it at first, but her breaths were 