growing more and more evenly spaced.  A slick curtain of sweat ran down her neck and chin.  Her eyes were shut so tight that tiny lines of color started playing tricks against her retinae.  As she felt the blood pumping in her ears, she thought—however fleetingly—that all of the lines morphed together, coalescing to become something.  A face?  A name?  A word?

	Rainbow didn't have any chance to concentrate on anything, for a loud rustling sound broke through the numbness, awaking her.  Her eyes flashed open, seeing sparks melting against the misty canvas all around.  Once more, she heard the sound... the beating sound... like leather wings against the darkness.

	"H-huh?!"  She tilted her head up, reeling slightly.

	The stars broke continuously in a straight line, then shone unimpeded.  The beating grew more and more distant.

	Rainbow blinked.  Rainbow frowned.  Rainbow fumed.  With a single flap of her wings, she shot skyward like a bullet, piercing the night's sky.  Dizziness still clung to her wings, but she fought against the fainting trails of her spell, ascending as rapidly as she could.  Her eyes darted everywhere.  Out of the corner of her vision, she thougth she made out a black shape against the stars, and she rocketed straight towards it.

	Rainbow climbed and climbed and climbed through the air.  She ascended so high that she flew beyond the reach of Durandana's weather currents.  Here, the air was a turbulent, tempestuous mess, blowing at her with wild winds that rivaled the blizzard gusts of the Wastes.

	Nevertheless, Rainbow hovered firmly against the gales, sneering into the howling winds.  "Nnnnngh—What is it?!" she hollered, she screamed.  "What do you want from me?!"  She flung her forelimbs out.  "Come back and spill it out, you scaley creep!"

	Nothing but darkness and noise.

	Rainbow snarled at it all.  "Why are you still watching me?!  I have n-nothing left for you!"  She panted and panted between loud outbursts.  "I have nothing left for anypony!  So just what in the buck did you see in me, huh?!"  She wheezed and yelled, "What does Urohringr want from me?!"

	The world grew hazier and hazier.  Rainbow's vision was fogging.

	"Gnnnghhh!"  Rainbow pulled at her hair.  "What?!  Do I need to kill another one of your sisters to get you to talk to me?!  I'm at the end of my rope!  Where do I go?!"  Shivering.  Hyperventilating.  "Why am I going th-there?!"

	There was no answer.  There was never an answer.

	Rainbow seethed and seethed.  Moisture formed along the edges of her eyes, all too quickly blown away by the slicing wind currents.  She hung her head as her wings flapped with looser and looser motions.  Her hooves grasped the pendant rattling around her neck.

	"So much..."  She gulped, her voice wavering.  "It j-just... weighs so m-much.  It always has.  I'm tired.  I'm just... s-so tired..."

	There was a sniffling sound that was deaffened by the wind, and Rainbow slowly, slowly drifted back down into the welcoming heart of the lost basin.



	Eagle Eye lay curled up in his cot, the same fetal position he had been in for hours.  There was no sleeping; his moist eyes stared intently into the nearest bulkhead while his lavender ears occasionally flickered.  Every so often, a sad breath would escape his nostrils, and his eyes would grow wetter.

	Sniffling, the stallion buried his face into his pillow.  A tiny whimpering noise escaped his throat, silenced by the shadows around him.

	So it was with a curious stirring that Eagle Eye ultimately lifted his head to the repeated sound of a hoof knocking at his cabin door.  His eyes blinked blearily across the darkness.

	The knocking persisted, louder and more earnest this time.

	With stiff legs, Eagle Eye rolled out of bed, stood up, and shuffled towards the door, sighing the whole way.  At last, he grabbed the hatch and opened it with a squeaky turn.  As soon as he opened the thing to the hallway, his breath left him.

	"... ... ...Ebon?!"

	The stallion avoided Eagle's gaze, staring down at the