While he operated out of a town not that far from most Confederate settlements, his main place of operations was in Gray Smoke.  And that's where I was when I first saw him... and his eyes... his warm... comforting eyes..."  Ebon's face winced as his pupils shrank suddenly.

	Eagle blinked at that.

	With a raspy sigh, Ebon continued.  "I was so... so confused... and weak."  He swallowed.  "I felt like an infant.  So helpless and frightened... but too frail to sob in fright.  But it didn't matter.  He was there to protect me... to nurse me back to health.  I couldn't understand why or how... but I trusted this stallion.  Who else or what else could I trust?  I had nothing, Eagle.  Nothing.  It was like coming out of a thick storm, but he was there to drag me to dry land.  I trusted him.  I felt blessed to have been found by him."

	With a gentle smile, Eagle said, "Sounds like he was a good pony."

	"I believe so."  Ebon nodded. "Whole heartedly.  There is no doubt in my mind."  He cleared his throat.  "As... uhm... as time wore on, I started feeling healthier and healthier.  I couldn't figure out why.  The stallion brought me food, but I don't remember ever eating any.  It just... d-didn't feel important to me at the time.  As each day went by, all I wanted to do was see his face, his smile, his warm, warm eyes.   Somehow... that was enough.  Eventually, I got healthy enough that I could look around and collect my bearings.  He told me all about how he had found me on some river's edge while he was trading between Ledomaritan towns.  As soon as he realized how sick I was, he took the first zeppelin transport up to Gray Smoke so he could nurse me back to health with the comforts of his own home.  I... I-I just couldn't believe the generosity of such a pony!  And such selflessness too!  I told him that I couldn't remember anything—much less how I ended up alone and weak on some riverbed.  But... but none of that mattered.  It was as though his entire aim in life was to make sure I recovered from whatever happened to me."

	"Not all Ledomaritans are heartless creatures, Ebon," Eagle said with a hopeful smile.  "Most of them are capable of kindness and gentleness.  I mean, look at Belle and Pilate!"

	"Eagle, you have to understand."  Ebon gulped.  "This was different."

	"In what way?"

	Ebon hesitated.

	Eagle winced.  "Blessed Spark.  He didn't... h-he didn't take advantage of you, did he?"

	Ebon's nostrils flared.  "No."  The breath of anger dissipated as soon as it formed, and the stallion instantly winced.  "It... it w-was the other way around..."

	Eagle stared quizzically.

	With a murmur, Ebon continued.  "At first, I was incredibly frightened at how little I knew about myself.  My life was a complete and utter blank slate.  I was even more afraid of the reason for all of this.  But... as it turned out, it didn't matter.   This stallion—my caretaker—filled the hours by talking to me.  He... he talked about his trade routes and how to properly haggle with soot-stained customers and his various brothers and sisters who had been swept up in the war.  He was like a living fountain of words and stories and anecdotes.  And you know what?  I didn't care one bit!  I... I loved listening to him... watching him as he sat across from my cot... seeing the little twitches in his ears when he came upon an exciting story or a harrowing tale that he had to share.  I..."  Ebon's face locked into a cold position.

	Eagle waited for it.

	"I... I-I loved him, EE," Ebon said.  "I trusted him.  I depended on him.  I enjoyed him.  But... but I loved him.  Deep down inside... it was the only thing about me that was real.  But that wasn't all."  He gulped.  "He loved me.  I don't say that facetiously, for it was true.  I knew it was true.  I could feel it.  He had the deepest... warmest... most sincere love that anypony could have for another.  And he chose to bestow it on me... a literal nopony.  And it's not like I could give him anything in return!  I mean... yes... I listened to his stories.  I gave 