him company and smiles and... all of m-my attention.  But..."  Ebon gritted his teeth.  "It wasn't worth it in the end.  He shouldn't have taken me in.  He sh-shouldn't have!"  A tear ran down Ebon's face.

	Sitting down on his haunches across from Ebon, Eagle gathered the courage to ask, "What happened...?"

	Ebon sniffed.  "I..."  He rubbed his cheek, avoiding Eagle's gaze.  "I st-started to notice a change as soon as I was strong enough to walk.  Suddenly, my caretaker was having to sit down a lot.  It's... it's like he couldn't trot straight.  I figured at first that he was exhausted.  I mean, he didn't sleep much when he was around me.  He was... was so dedicated to making sure I felt better.  Well, now I was having my strength return... but wh-why was he losing his balance?"

	Ebon paused to shudder.

	"And it only got worse, EE," he said.  "Suddenly, he would collapse without warning.  He'd have these fainting spells.  Then, as my vision got better, I could see... I-I could see..." A squeaking sob.  "Just how thin and diseased he was."  He held a hoof over his muzzle as he stammered.  "All this t-time that he was taking care of me... h-he was only dying himself!"  Eagle choked.  "I... I-I tried to get help!  I ran out of his shop and begged for help from these strangers all around me that I'd never seen before!  Nopony would lend a hoof.  I had n-no idea that we were in the Rust District!  It never occurred to me that every neighbor would be cold and heartless scumbags!  Unlike him!  And his gentle laugh and his warm eyes..."  He gnashed his teeth and shook his head.  "But they weren't warm anymore!  The life had left him!  Sucked out as if with a funnel!"

	Eagle's lips pursed as he watched with quivering eyes.  By this time, Ebon was grasping his head, bending over and shuddering from head to tail.

	"I... I-I didn't know what else to d-do!  The only thing that seemed to make him feel better was when I was around.  So... so I stayed by his side.  I even held him close, trying to g-get him to tell the stories that he used to, as if it would m-make him feel better as it did me.  But... it didn't."  He whimpered.  "He only got worse!  It... it was like we were the opposites now of who and what we were when everything began!  There he lay in the same cot I occupied for goddess-knows how long, and no amount of food or water I brought him could nurse him back to health.  I... I-I was helpless, EE!  I was helpless to heal the caretaker who saved me from certain death!"

	Eagle shook his head.  "If he truly loved you, Eagle Eye, I'm sure he would have done something to help the situation.  He wouldn't have left so much in your hooves!  I'm sure of it!"  Eagle gestured.  "He'd have told you how to find a physician or where to get medicine or—"

	"He didn't want any of that, Eagle!" Ebon practically shouted.  He looked up with flaring, wet eyes.  "Don't you get it?!  He wanted nothing!  Nothing but... but m-my company..."  The stallion's face paled.  Tears streamed down to his quivering jaw.  "I... I killed him, EE."

	Eagle's muzzle contorted.  "...what?"

	"I did.  I killed him," Ebon murmured.  "It took me a long time to realize it.  But the same thing that got him to salvage my body in the first place is what sapped him of all energy.  He loved me... and I loved him..."  Ebon's jaw clamped tightly.  "And... because of that... he died.  Because of me."

	Eagle shook his head.  "You... you c-can't possibly blame yourself for that!  That's absurd!"

	"Isn't it?"  Ebon's nostrils flared.  "Even as his life faded away, I could feel my health reaching its peak.  I don't know what it is... but there's something horrible inside of me.  A demon.  A curse.  A magical disease.  Something horrible... and it claimed him as his victim.  It... it killed the one pony I truly loved..."  Ebon shuddered.  "And... and as soon as I f-figured out what was happening, I tried to tell him.  But... but he was too far g-gone.  His cheekbones were hollow and his m-mane... oh goddess... his mane was falling out at the ro