ots.  I sobbed like an infant, and with his last breath he silenced me.  He had a smile on his withered face and... and..."  Ebon nearly hyperventilated.  "Do you know want to know what he said, Eagle?"

	Eagle simply stared in stunned silence.

	Ebon grunted, "He said 'thank you.'"  He clenched his eyes shut.  "He... th-thanked me for ending h-his life!"  A sniffling, and he clamped his hooves over face.  "Mrrmmmf... all he knew was the love th-that had enraptured him... not knowing that it killed him as well!  What ever happened to his anger and his fear and his s-sadness?  Were they sucked away t-too?!  That's not a natural way to die!  It's not a right way to die!"

	The stallion's quiet sobs echoed between the two.

	Eagle exhaled with a shudder, his eyes falling to the floor.  Ultimately, he gulped and asked, "What h-happened next?"

	"Next?"  Ebon sniffed and gazed into the corner of the room.  "It... w-wasn't long after that the soot-stained weasels who lived next door caught wind of his passing.  They didn't know much about what had happened—only that their neighbor was taking care of an invalid... and getting sick himself.  Before I could even grieve his passing, they tore into the shop and ransacked the place.  I-I tried to fight them off... b-but they were just too many.  I..."  He grimaced.  "I-I couldn't even recover his b-body to bury him, those damned butchers..."

	"Ebon..."

	He went on.  "Suddenly, I was alone in the streets of Gray Smoke.  I didn't know what to do with myself.  I was afraid to do anything!"  He shuddered.  "If I got close to another pony... if I fell into the comforting arms of another equine like his..."  He looked up.  "What more could I do?  Haven't I caused enough damage as it was?"

	"Let me guess..."  Eagle took a deep breath.  "You discovered a way to blend in."

	Ebon nodded.  "I needed to find some method of keeping myself alive.  After my caretaker's death, I felt myself growing weak once again.  I... I-I thought if I just scrounged up some food, then I might be able to sustain myself.  So..."  He shifted where he sat.  "I-I snuck into the back of a restaurant in the Bronze District, thinking I m-might be able to steal some bread or something.  But... I-I was caught in the act.  I had to think fast to save myself, so I told them that I was a backup cook sent from the next district over.  To my surprise, they bought it.  I had to somehow make some convincingly good meals to save my flank.  It... w-wasn't easy, but I discovered I was a fast learner.  I'm sure my cooking was pretty shoddy when I began, but somehow it didn't matter.  Almost everypony who ate my food felt intensely satisfied—more than the other cooks'.  Well, if it works, why spit on it... r-right?  I moved my way up, advertising my 'cooking skills' from one restaurant to another, and eventually I was able to sustain myself.  But... b-but only through serving food."

	Eagle leaned his head to the side.  "How do you mean?"

	"Well, EE..."  Ebon glanced up.  "Have you ever seen me eat?  Ever?"

	Eagle's teeth held his tongue in place for a good few seconds.  At last, he murmured, "A good chef never indulges—or so I've always figured."

	"Eagle Eye..."  Ebon slowly, slowly shook his head.  "I don't eat."

	Eagle was silent.

	"Like... ever."  Ebon winced.  "It's because... for some reason... it's like I don't have to.  It's... it's just fulfilling enough to make other ponies happy with the things I serve them.  I can get by on that.  And, you know what?  That's perfectly fine.  That's the way it's always been, and that's the way I aim to keep it.  Because I haven't brought harm to another pony.  Not even Props!  Not until..."  He stopped in mid-speech, wincing as if a knife was stabbing him in the gut.

	Eagle gulped and leaned forward. "Ebon, I know what you're probably thinking.  Or, that is, what you're afraid of, but... please... you have to realize—"

	"Do you want to know what his name was?" Ebon asked.

	Eagle blinked.  "Huh?"

	"My caretaker."  Ebon gulped, his f