ace frowning.  "His name."

	Eagle simply stared at him.

	Ebon sneered, "His name was Ebon... Ebon mane."  A tear ran down the stallion's face, though his frown remained resolute.  "I took it, EE.  I robbed it from him just as I robbed him of his life."  He gulped.  "It was the f-first thing I thought of wh-when I was nearly caught stealing food from a kitchen.  I didn't have an identity of my own.  So I took his... because I loved him... or so I th-thought..."

	"Thought?"

	Ebon's countenance had collapsed, and he was on the virge of sobbing once again.  "My love is a poison, Eagle.  It sapped all that was good from Ebon.  It took the gift that he gave me and turned it inside out... turned it to arsenic.  If I knew what was good for everypony around me, I-I would have just thrown myself off of Gray Smoke when I realized what had happened!  But I didn't!"

	"Ebon..."

	"Stop calling me that!!" he shrieked hysterically, then broke down crying.  "I'm a c-coward!"

	"You're a strong pony!  And you've lasted this long through tenacity and wit!" Eagle shook his head with a hopeful smile.  "That's not cowardice!"

	"But it is, Eagle!  Just because I managed to brush past Props and so many other ponies without hurting them doesn't matter!  Because I made myself a promise long, long ago!  A pr-promise that I feel myself breaking... or about to break!  And as much as I want to do otherwise, I-I can't... I can't break that promise!"  Ebon panted and panted, his legs going weak beneath him.  "I... I don't want... d-don't want..."

	"Please..."  Eagle drifted forward and placed his hooves on the stallion's shoulders.  "Look at me..."

	"Nnnngh..."  Ebon clenched his moist eyes shut.  He sobbed out the side of his muzzle, a whimpering foalish voice:  "I-I don't want to h-hurt you! But that's all that's going to happen, Eagle!  I swear it!"

	"It's not going to happen to me, Ebon."

	"Yes it will!"  Ebon hid his face in his hooves.  "Nnnngh... don't say it, EE.  Please, d-don't say it!"

	"Ebon..."  Eagle yanked the stallion's arms down.  "I love you because I choose to.  Because you make my life happier when I'm around you..."

	"You... y-you can't..."  Ebon shook his head, his eyes full of fright.  "We c-can't—"

	"And what's more, I made a promise, Ebon!" Eagle said.  "I promised that I would take care of you!  I would bring you home, even if neither of us know what your home is yet!"

	Ebon gulped hard.  His ragged breaths steadied into a slow shudder.  "You can't possibly know that..."  He shook his head rapidly.  "Nopony can know that!"

	"It doesn't matter," Eagle said.  "Ebon, I'm so... so sorry for what's happened to you, but you have to stop running!  You deserve a healthy, happy life!"

	"EE, I have a healthy and happy life!  I have the Jury—"

	"And you deserve the best that this life has to give you," Eagle said, slowly forming a warm smile.  "You don't deserve to feel cold and lonely everynight.  What's more... you don't deserve to feel guilty."

	Ebon sucked his breath in on that.  His gaze locked with Eagle's.

	"You don't, Ebon," Eagle said, squeezing the stallion's shoulders.  "What happened was not your fault!  Do you understand me?  None of this is your fault."

	Ebon shook and shook.  His eyes once again filled with tears.  "Eagle... Eagle, I... I..."

	Eagle smiled tearfully.  He pulled the stallion in for the deepest of hugs.

	Ebon hung his neck over the ex-mercenary's shoulder.  He whimpered quietly, his body limp in Eagle's embrace.  "I'm so sc-scared.  I don't want to hurt you... I d-don't ever want to hurt anypony ever again..."

	"Shhhh... it's okay," Eagle said, nuzzling the stallion's ear.  "You don't have to say it.  But it's okay.  We can make it work out."

	"But h-how, Eagle?  How?  You have n-no idea what you're getting yourself into!"

	Eagle briefly bit his lip.  With a deep breath he said, "You're going to have to trust me, Ebon.  We will find a way.  You have friends.  You have a place to stay.  And you have love.  My love, and that has