o a sprint.  “Let's jit! Lest a body it can kiss mah mother's erse!”

    “I’m with oatmeal mouth!”  Eagle Eye yelped as he scampered after the two.

    “Everypony remember the way in which we came!” Rainbow shouted, then looked at the remaining stallion.  “Josho?”

    “Wha--?”

    Rainbow flung the shell into his telekinetic field.  “You’re on turtle duty!”  She picked up her coat, flapped her wings, and shot after the group.  “Move it move it move it!”

    “Huh?!”  Josho turned the shell over.

    A wrinkly reptilian face slid out, her beak to his muzzle.  “Hello!”

“Augh!”  Josho flinched, nearly dropping her.  “Anus!”

    ”Joshoooo!”

    “Coming!”  Josho grimaced as he floated Elma along his galloping figure.  “I swear to Ledo, when it shits, it pours.”

    “You’re a horse with a horn in its head!  Neato!”  Elma wheezed in mid twirl.  “And I thought wings were pushing it…”

    “I didn’t ask for a soundtrack!” Josho grumbled as he navigated collapsing bulkheads and falling walls.  “Arrrrrgh!”  He leapt through an imploding doorframe while water and ice shards splashed madly behind him.

    “Come on!”  Rainbow grabbed his hoof and hoisted the two stragglers along as they threaded through a claustrophobic interior growing thinner and thinner by the second.  Rivets and bolts popped on either side of them while torturous jets of arctic cold water sprinkled their skin.  “Just a little further along!  I can already see daylight!”

    Up ahead, Props gasped from atop Prowse’s back.  “Holey moley the holey!”

    Prowse’s blue eyes reflected the collapsing exit at the end of the hallway.  “We cannae make it! it's tay damn thin!”

    “Hold up!”  Eagle hurled himself past the two of them.  He slid to a stop, planting his hooves against the bottom edges of the bowing door’s frame.  Cl-Clank!  He telekinetically planted his sword and shield between the buckling planks of metal, forcing a thin gape to remain intact.  “Nnnnnghhh… okay… g-go through!” The ex-mercenary hissed.

    “Barry job, bonnie loon.”  Prowse slinked on past him with Props in tow.

    Slivers of metal and copper plating collapsed around Eagle’s trembling body.  Breathless, he looked down into the ship’s dark interior and hissed, “Rainbow…?!”

    “We’re right behind ya!”  Rainbow and Josho reached the doorframe… but only then woke up to just how obese the former enforcer was.  “Awwwww crapazoid.  How the heck are we gonna do this?”

    “Like so.”  Josho lowered Elma to the floor.

    “Uhhh…”  The turtle glanced up.  What are you doing--

    Plonk!  The stallion kicked her so that she slid out between Eagle Eye’s legs.

    “Gaaaaaaaaiiie!”  Elma slid to a stop along the iceberg beside Prowse and Props.

    “Now for the main event…”  Josho hooked a forelimb around both Rainbow and Eagle.  “No moist ideas.  Hnnngh!”  With a telekinetic boost, he shoved the three of them forward.  The doorframe exploded around them, giving them the berth they needed for an emergency exit.  Milliseconds later, the hull of the ship sunk behind them, collapsing into the frosty body of the iceberg.

    “Guhhh!”  Rainbow winced as she, Eagle Eye, and Josho went sprawling across the sheet of ice.  The wind picked up, and Rainbow looked up to see the Noble Jury looming directly above.  Zaid and Ebon Mane stood on the door plank to the open hangar.

    “Hey!  Awesome!”  Zaid said, pointing.  “An excuse for Mr. Sailboat to make more soup!”

    “Rainbow!  What’s going on?!”

    “Lower and grab us!” Rainbow shouted.  “Quick!”

    Ebon hollered into a sound stone, his voice cracking above the arctic wind.  “Floydien!  Bring us down more!  Rainbow found survivors, but they all need to get on board!  ASAP!”

    “You heard the stallion!”  Zaid leaned down, hoof outstretched.  “Aching Saddle Ass Pronto!”

    Wit