 never... ever been something I give just freely."

	Ebon squeaked an indecipherable word or two past Eagle's ears as he clung to him.  After sniffling he said, "Are... are you m-mad at me?  Are you disappointed at me f-for not telling you?"

	Eagle opened his mouth to respond, hesitated, then said.  "What do you think?"

	Ebon gulped, then stammered, "You are mad... j-just a little..."

	Eagle smiled.  "But I love you more than for that to be an issue.  Is that so hard to believe?"

	Ebon sniffled, then formed a weak smile across his face.  "No... it isn't..."

	Eagle nuzzled him closely.  His voice was warm, though his gaze was distant as he said, "We're going to make this work, Ebon.  Someway, somehow, you won't have to be alone or distant anymore.  And... and n-neither will I."

	Ebon shuddered.  "Th-thank you, EE.  I... I-I'm so sorry for abandoning you the other day... for leaving you alone and confused..."

	Eagle took a deep breath.  "One st-step at a time... you feel me?"

	"Yes... I-I feel you..."  A nervous giggle, then a quiet sob.

	The two remained seated together in each other's embrace, until their mutual exhaustion carried them into a mellow slumber.
		//------------------------------//
		// There's Some Food For Thought		//------------------------------//

	Thud!  Thud!  Thud!

	"Zaidy Waidy!"  Props hollered before the door to a rickety treehouse high above an array of swaying branches.  The torch dangling from the exterior flickered with each heavy slam of her rear hooves against the front entrance.  "I know you're in there!  You have some explaining to do, ya fuzzhead!"

	From the neighboring platform, several pegasi gathered in droves, clutching each other and murmuring in fright.

	"I mean it!  I've got pliers and I'm not afraid to use 'em!" Props spat.  With a growl, she kicked and kicked at the door.  "Grrrrnnngh!  What's this made out of?  Space Wood?"  The frazzled mare spun about, forcing the Durandanans around her to flinch.  Her eyes fell on the closest household on a platform.  "Excuse me, ma'am?" she spoke in a charming, melodic tone.  Her smile matched.  "May I borrow that?"  She pointed at a large wooden rake leaning against the structure's outer wall.

	The pegasus gulped and tossed the heavy beam towards her.  "B-be my guest, outsider!"

	Thap!  Props easily caught it.  "Thankiessss!"  She smiled.  She curtsied.  She spun and slammed the hulking weight of the thing against the door.  "Raaaaaaaaaugh!"

	Smassssssssh!  The entrance was reduced to splinters.

	The Noble Jury's engineer stuck her grinning, twitching face in through the door.  "Heeeeeeeeere's Propsy!"  Reaching her hoof in, she unlatched the frame from the inside and opened it with a creaking sound.  It promptly collapsed to dust about two seconds after the gesture.  Trotting inside, Props' goggles glinted like an arachnid's pair of eyes above her skull.  "Now, Zaid... what do you have to say for yourself...?"

	A voice trembled from the shadows.  "Please... you h-have to understand..."

	"Understand what?!"  Props sneered, seething.  "That's you're a two-timing hussy who can't stand on four legs and four legs alone?!"

	"I... I-I didn't want anypony else around for this!  It... it wouldn't be right!"

	"Around for what?!"  Props squinted.  She lifted the outside lantern with her pole and held it forward.  "Just where are you...?"

	A swath of amber light swam over the interior.  At last, the stallion was exposed, lying on a pile of velvety cushions.  He had a plate full of toasted bread crumbs right beside him, and his chin was stained with the unmistakable yellow signs of cheese, cheese, and more cheese.

	Props blinked... then blinked again.  "Buh...?"

	"Okay, confession time."  Zaid squirmed in the spotlight.  "I l-love this stuff more than life itself.  Enough to forget about... about..."  His eyelids twitched.

	The sound of a miniature foghorn echoed across the chamber.

	Zaid blushed.  "...lactose intolerance."  He bit his lip.

	Props blinked.  She blinked agai