n.  "Snkkkt..."  Her whole body flinched, struck back by an invisible stone.  Her golden mane curtained around her skull like a deflated balloon, and soon she was laughing, giggling, guffawing.

	"Eh heh heh..."  Zaid gulped.  "K-Keep that open flame away, blondie."

	"Heeheeheehee!"

	"Sorry about... erm..."  Zaid winced as his body jolted again.  "Guh... the sm-smell..."

	"You kidding?!"  Props tossed the pole behind her and hopped in place.  "I love it!"  She pounced.  "Smells like victory!"

	"Gaaaah!"  He gasped as she plowed into him and the two rolled over the rattling plate and breadcrumbs.  "Oh jeez!  Oh jeez!  It's like wrestling living f-fuzz!"

	"I knew it!  I knew it all along!"

	"H-hey!  Uh... me too!  So... you're not going to murder me, still, are you?"

	"Depends on if you can live through it."

	"Live through what—Mmmfmmmff!"  His eyes bulged in the darkness as the two rolled even harder into the shadows.

	The room turned into an echo chamber of giggles, chuckles, and low moans—all accompanied by a nebulous horn section.

	Outside, a few pegasi nervously peaked in.  One or two blinked, their wingfeathers slowly stretching out.  At last, a First-Born cleared her throat, yanked the welcome mat off the wooden balcony, and draped it securely over the door, sealing off the interior of the treehouse.



	The next morning, amber dawnlight wafted through the portholes of the Noble Jury's mess hall.

	Shuffling by himself, a bleary Eagle Eye made his way to a chair and slid in.  He slapped down a plate of apple slices and began nibbling tiredly.  His nostrils flared as he gazed ahead of him in thought.

	Slowly, another set of hoofsteps entered the room.  A large figure came to a stop, glanced at Eagle and his plate, then back towards the kitchen.

	"Hrrrmmm..."  Josho took a deep breath.  "From the looks of your table setting, I'm guessing that our cook isn't up and about to make breakfast yet."

	"Mmmmf... no..." Eagle Eye gulped some apple mush down and shook his head.  "And he won't for a while."

	"Is that so?" Josho leaned against the table with a smirk across his top chin.  "I take it things went swimmingly."

	Eagle gulped again.  "It's not like that."

	"Ah.  Righto."  Josho nodded.  He stood there in awkward silence.

	Eagle continued eating.

	"Erm... uhhh..."  Josho scratched the side of his head.  "I'm guessing that... since you haven't tried to kill me yet... you're not mad for laying the spurs on the little burgundy bit purse?"

	"If you're wanting me to say thank you... 'Thank you.'" Eagle muttered.

	"Well, you don't sound very happy."

	"It's not unhappiness, old stallion.  It's..."  Eagle dropped his latest apple slice and sighed, closing his eyes.  After a meditative pause, he murmured, "Ebon slept like a doll all night."

	"Is that a fact?"

	"I held him close the whole time."

	"Is that all you did?"

	"Josho?!"

	"Hey..."  Josho waved a forelimb, smirking.  "Sorry!  Sometimes I get surrogate 'dad' mixed up with surrogate 'bro.'"

	"Surrogate flankhole is more like it."

	"Heh... fine."  Josho waddled off.  "Try girl-chatting with the space reindeer and see if you have any better luck."

	"Josho... no, please, wait."  Eagle clenched his teeth, giving the stallion a light tug with his telekinesis.  "Really.  I'm sorry.  I'm just... worried."

	"About what?" Josho shrugged.  "You and the sailboat are back together, aren't you?"

	"Yes.  And that's wonderful.  It's just that... that..."  Eagle hesitated.

	Josho gazed quietly at him.  Finally, he trotted over, pulled a chair out, and sat across from the ex-mercenary.

	Eagle Eye looked up.

	Josho waited patiently.

	At last, Eagle Eye murmured, "Let's say you love somepony... like... genuinely... truly love somepony.  And... and you w-want what is best for them, that which will make them happy."  Eagle gulped, then fidgeted with his forelimbs.  "And to make this pony happy, you go all out.  You expose them to your feelings.  You show them everything you're af