raid of... and everything you hope for."  He winced.  "But... like... what if that's not enough?"

	"Is there something you're holding back from the guy, guy?"

	"Josho..."

	"It's an h-honest question!"

	Eagle gulped.  "I want Ebon to be happy.  But... but I know something... something that's the truth... but I know--or at least I'm pretty sure that such a truth wpuld only make him miserable."  He ran a hoof through his frazzled mane.  "In fact, I'm pretty sure it will crush him.  I'll be by his side, of course, but... but maybe th-that won't be enough."

	Silence.

	Josho scratched his chins again.  "Hrmmmmm... Kiddo, I'm no expert on romances.  I couldn't stick with anypony long enough to make anything out of it back in Ledomare--much less a friggin' baby.  Heh."  He smirked bitterly.  "And I'm certainly no expert on the locking of colt-bolts."

	"Uh huh..."

	"I mean... hah... seems rather redundant to play a ballgame with two sticks where I come from--"

	"Will you get to the point?!" Eagle barked.

	"Ahem... the point is, Eagle Eye..."  Josho took a quiet breath, then stared squarely at him.  "If what you do is give your all to make one pony happy, and yet you don't tell him the truth, then you're not really giving your all, now are ya?"  He leaned forward, eyes narrow.  "And what would that be, then?  Real love?  Or just a cardboard cut-out of the real thing?"

	Eagle stared at the sunlit windows past Josho.

	"The way I see it, nothing's worth goo-gooing on about if only one of you is happy, 'cuz the other one's struggling so hard to keep some stageplay goin' on constantly.  You may be together... but is that something that'll be real?"

	Eagle shuddered.  In a weak voice, he eventually said, "I want Ebon to feel like what he has is real."

	Josho blinked once.  "Can't it be real enough on its own?"

	Eagle chewed on his lip.

	Josho glanced down.  He sighed, then smiled faintly as he stood up.  "Again... not the expert, talking."  He shuffled two steps, paused, then looked back at the petite unicorn.  "But, for what it's worth... I'm glad you two are back together.  I mean... kind of a lonely basket with just one fruit in it.  You know what I'm saying?"

	"Buck me sideways, old stallion."

	"Heh.  Somepony else has that job now, the way I see it."  Josho waddled towards the kitchen.  "And then there's friggin' Blondie and Sir Cults-a-Lot.  Ledo's buttfunk!  Did somepony spike this crater or what?!  Meh... I'm making an omelet."

	With Josho gone, Eagle leaned forward, resting his chin on crossed forelimbs.  He stared into the dawnlight, breathing in slow, contemplative motions.
		//------------------------------//
		// Broad Side of an Eljunbyro		//------------------------------//

	"Rainbow?"  Bellesmith squinted into the morning sunlight from where she and Pilate stood on the Noble Jury's top deck.  "What... what do you mean?"

	"Just what it sounds like."  Rainbow finished sliding the Sword of Solstice into her saddlebag.  Fastening it tight, she turned to face her friends.  "Tell Floydien to bring the ship close to the crater's southern edge.  I want you guys to be ready to glide over the Sky Stabs at a moment's notice."

	Belle gawked at Pilate, then leaned forward with an expression of disbelief.  "Surely it isn't that dire of a situation!"

	"I... I really don't know," Rainbow muttered.  "Fawful's giving me plenty of good vibes, but most of these Gray Feather guys?"  She shuddered.  "They're so secretive, it's not even funny.  Kind of gives me the willies, if you know what I mean."

	"And because of that, you're expecting the worst?"

	"I don't know what to expect, Belle," Rainbow said.  "For all I know, maybe they'll all giggle with glee and demand that Sivrem and Kitsune fashion a whole bunch of Celestia plushies.  I just... I just want you all to be safe, no matter what."  Rainbow gulped.  "It's the least I can do."

	"What does that mean?"

	"It means that... that I'm not exactly 'leader' material these days," Rainbow murmured.  "I can't protect you