 guys so well anymore."  She winced.  "I can't even fly straight for too long before I just friggin' collapse.  I found that out the hard way last night."

	"Rainbow, all you've done for these Durandanans has been very noble," Pilate said.  "But I'd hate to think that this entire time you've been neglecting your own health."

	"Heh..."  Rainbow smirked bitterly.  "What's there to neglect, dude?"  She inhaled softly.  "We all know it was bound to get worse eventually.  Might as well be now..."  Her eyes scraped the orange mists above.  "...in this place."

	"Don't talk like that, Rainbow," Belle said.  "I know your dizzy spells have been more frequent lately, but that's not to suggest that you're at the end of your rope!"

	"Frankly, Ding Dong."  Belle glanced up at her.  "None of us know that for certain."

	Belle chewed on the edge of her lips.

	Rainbow sighed.  She turned to face the east side of the ship... but stopped in her hooves.  Her wings didn't even bother to flap.

	Pilate tilted his head aside.  "Is there something you're wishing to tell us, Rainbow?"

	Belle craned her ears patiently.

	Rainbow fidgeted.  Ultimately, she muttered, "Last night... when I had my dizzy spell... I could have sworn that... that I saw her."

	"Who, Rainbow?"

	Rainbow clenched her teeth.  "Axan."

	"She's..."  Belle blinked.  "She's in Durandana?"

	"Or above Durandana.  Or outside Durandana.  Pffft.  Whatever.  Goddess only knows how that freaky dragon queen manages to stalk me the way she does."  Rainbow swiveled around.  "I only caught a glimpse of her... and even then... mmmfff... g-guess it could have been my imagination."

	"If she's actually flying overhead and watching you from afar in a place like this..." Pilate reached up and scratched his chin.  "...I can only wonder what it means."

	"Righto."  Rainbow nodded.  "That's why I asked her."

	The pegasus' two friends froze in place.

	"And..."  Belle blinked.  "Did she answer?"

	Rainbow slowly, slowly shook her head.

	Belle sighed.  "Well, Rainbow, maybe she didn't have a reason to—"

	"Doesn't she?"  Rainbow squinted.  "Hasn't she always?"  She raised a forelimb, squinting at it while it trembled ever so slightly.  "Why kill me... and then drop me off somewhere so I could come back?"  She gulped.  "Why take down Nevlamas when she was about to crush me to a pulp like Axan once did?"

	"You told us yourself that she called you 'Austraeoh.'"

	"Yeah, well, if she knows so flippin' much about who or what I am, she's not being that big of a help," Rainbow grumbled.  "Unless, perhaps..."

	"Perhaps what, Rainbow?" Belle asked.

	Rainbow's eyes were thin, contemplative.  "...she knows where I'm supposed to end, and how the next flame gets quenched."  She gazed up at the platinum sky over the basin.  "After all, the Divine's got a lotta years left.  If another Austraeoh comes along, she could totally do the stalker thing with him or her in my place."

	"I can't see how that's an actual strategy," Belle remarked.

	"Why not?"  Rainbow turned to look at the mare.  "If Axan wanted me to get to the Midnight Armory, wouldn't she have just flown my flank to the world's edge on her bigass wings?"

	"Then, it seems to me, that she expects you to do something else, Rainbow," Pilate said.  "Something more than just reaching the dark side of the world."

	Rainbow slowly shook her head, nostrils flaring.  "There are times when I think I would have better off if she just left me dead back in Silvadel."

	Belle sighed, ears folded.  "Rainbow..."

	"I... I-I don't mean that I'd rather not have met you guys," Rainbow said, gazing thoughtfully at them.  "You and Kera and EE and the rest are the best things I could have asked for."  She gulped.  "And yet the worse.  Because—some way or another—I'm going to have to leave you."  She fidgeted.  "I just... I just didn't think it would happen so soon.  I sorta figured that I would have t-time to think it over."

	Belle and Pilate leaned against each other.  Pilate whispered somethin