g in a low breath.  Clearing her throat, Belle the spoke up, "Rainbow, Pilate and I... well... we were talking..."

	"Talking?"  Rainbow smirked goofily, her eyes soft.  "That's new."

	"You've done so much for us," Belle said.  "But, aside from saving our lives and giving us all a new future, you've taught us so much as well.  And between what we've learned... and what the likes of Josho and Roarke have to lend..."

	"Hmmm?"  Rainbow blinked, curious.  "What are you getting at?"

	Belle bit her lip, so Pilate spoke up.  "Whatever we encounter in Val Roa will inevitably involve a great deal of drama and conflict.  It could be quite... stressful."

	"Yeah?  So?"  Rainbow chuckled.  "I'm used to stress.  It's my bread and butter, next to cider and and a cracking voice."

	"The Rainbow we met in Blue Shelf could undoubtedly handle it," Pilate said.  "Same with the Rainbow who fought Nevlamas... and the mare I adventured with in Stratopolis..."

	"But now..."  Belle sighed.  "Well... d-do we need to rub it in anymore?"

	Rainbow's eyes darted between them.  "... you don't think I have what it takes to make it to Val Roa."

	"You could make it to Val Roa, Rainbow," Pilate said.  "For all we know, you could even see the Grand Choke.  But..."  He clenched and unclenched his jaw.  "Should you?"

	Rainbow gulped.  "Wh-what are you guys saying?" Rainbow asked in a raspy tone.

	"You asked a question of Axan," Pilate said.  "And she never answered you.  But... for all of her guile and miraculous intervention, Axan is not your friend, Rainbow."  His ears folded.  "We are.  We wish that we could somehow repay you for all of the things you've done for us, but all of us know that it isn't quite possible.  The least we can do is make sure that... that your last days aren't fraught with pain and stress."

	"And you think that not being around you guys is somehow gonna assure that?"

	Pilate opened his mouth to reply, but he had no words.  He hung his head.

	Belle hiccuped on a sob.

	Rainbow turned to look at her.

	"We..."  Belle covered her muzzle with a forelimb, shivering.  "We j-just want you to be happy, Rainbow.  And... and if we dr-drag you into another escapade... if you're finding yourself having to risk your already fragile neck for us wh-when you should just be at peace—"

	"Hey... hey."  Rainbow trotted up close, pressing her head against Belle's.  "Shhhh... look at me, girl."

	Belle quivered, her eyes clenched shut.

	Rainbow tilted the mare's chin up.  "Look at me."

	Belle forced her teary eyes open.

	Rainbow smiled warmly.  "I am happy."  A giggle.  "I'm awesome."  She leaned in and nuzzled the mare.  "And so are you."  She exhaled, staring painfully over the mare's shoulder.  "Who needs peace, anyways?"

	"You d-do, Rainbow Dash..."

	"Yeah, well, I'm not alone."  Rainbow leaned back, shaking the weight of the Sword of Solstice in her bag.  "I gotta make sure these Durandanans get a healthy helping of it too."

	"But Rainbow—"

	"I brought Harmony to Darkstine, Silvadel, and Chrysalis's brood."  Rainbow tossed her mane.  "Heck, if you wanna get super technical about it, I guess you could say I brought Harmony to Luxmare as well.."  A devilish smirk.  "Now... I gotta bring it to these guys.  Austraeoh or not, this is what I'm here to do.  And I'm not gonna let any stupid dizzy spells stop me from doing what comes natural.  And as for Val Roa..."  Her smirk dissolved.

	Pilate and Belle stared her way.

	Rainbow exhaled.  "Yeah, well, one wing flap at a time."  She gulped.  "That's how I've always looked at it.  Guess it's not worth ditching now."  That said, she turned around, spread her feathers, and glided off the Noble Jury's bow without another word.

	Belle and Pilate leaned against each other, watching as their friend tore off for the Central Tower.  The golden beam of First Light pierced the high mists, and Rainbow flew along it, heading east, against the wind.
		//------------------------------//
		// Meet Elders Celestia and Luna		//-----------------