-------------//

	Central Durandana was abuzz with winged bodies, most of them gray.  A flock of elders streamed up along the stalk of the tower, collecting thickly around its summit.  Various onlookers flew in wide circles below, gazing up at the top of the Tower and murmuring among themselves.  Diligent First-Born guards held the general populous at a distance, keeping them to the lower platforms as the early morning waxed past First Light.

	The summit of the Central Tower itself was a hollow granite block, dislodged from the rest of the structure that made up the bulk of the Inner Sanctum underground.  The unmistakable signs of ancient impact fractures formed the jagged edges of the enclosure, and a thick wooden framework acted as the floor to the chamber.  Round hollows had been painstakingly carved out of the walls of the building, allowing for sunlight to beam through at a precise angle to highlight an elaborate lamp made out of gold metals and shiny glass.  Through this lamp, the sun's glow was narrowed into a thin platinum thread forever pulsating westward where it would ultimately make contact with a similar structure built into the summit of the Western Tower.

	Next to one of the round windows, Fawful perched, her wings twitching as she glanced all around.  An anxious expression hung off her features.

	Fwoosh!  Several nearby elders gasped, for Rainbow had just landed from a greath height.  As the wind settled, she tossed her mane back and smiled at Fawful.  "Whew!  Sorry if I'm late.  I was out like a light last evening."

	Fawful blinked at her.

	Rainbow winked.  "Even if you don't get the pun, the least you can do is laugh."

	Almost instantly, the tension left Fawful's head and shoulders.  She exhaled through a winded chuckle.

	"Hah..."  Rainbow coiled her wings and sat on her haunches within the window frame.  "I knew you still had a giggle left somewhere inside that body of yours."  She exhaled heavily, then fanned herself with her own wing.  "Yeesh... it's pretty stifling up here, huh?"

	"That's the heat generated by the Light's glory."

	"You could have just said 'it's the vapors,' girl."

	Fawful chuckled again.  "You're rather jocular this morning."

	"Why shouldn't I be?"  Rainbow squinted.  "Can you give me a reason why I should fret?"

	Fawful gulped, then slowly shook her head.

	"Awesome sauce."  Rainbow took a deep breath, glancing all around at the elders gathered in their murmuring flocks.  "Then let's keep it that way, huh?  Frankly, I'm happy to get this over with."

	"I believe many of the Valkyrie's foals would share the same sentiment."

	"Are we gonna have... y'know..."  Rainbow waved a forelimb, shrugging.  "...what we agreed to?"

	Fawful turned and pointed up at the sky.  "See for yourself."

	Rainbow pivoted, squinting.

	From a high altitude, several multi-colored bodies descended, led by Sivrem.  One by one, they landed within the window frames of the Tower's top structure.  Dozens of First-Borns stood at attention, their eyes locked on the outsider.  Rainbow could spot Kitsune and Jerrio from among them, the latter of whom she let her gaze linger on.

	"Just as you requested, elder."  Sivrem bowed before Fawful, smiling.  "The First-Borns of West and East D."

	"Very well done, Sivrem," Fawful said with a nod.  "And you have briefed them on what is about to transpire here?"

	Sivrem looked up.  Slowly, his smile faded.  "Ahem."  For once, the athletic stallion fumbled.  "Yes, elder.  That I have."

	Rainbow gulped.

	"Then I believe we can proceed," said an old stallion trotting up until he stood alongside the glowing lamp.  He turned his wrinkled head towards Fawful.  "Elder?  Is the outsider ready?"

	"You may ask the same of her," Fawful said, gesturing towards Rainbow.  "Rainbow Dash?"

	Rainbow took a deep breath.  "Here goes nothing..."  She reached back with three wingfeathers and unlatched her satchel.  Without thinking, she slid the sword out with nimble swiftness.  Schiiiiiing!

	Several First-Borns flinched, thei