r backs arching as they responded with instinctual shrieks and chirps.  Even Fawful cringed slightly.

	Rainbow gulped.  "Eheh... my bad..."  She sweated, only partially because of the heat.  "I've had to use this baby quite a few times for combat.  But, really, you've got nothing to worry about unless you're... undead... p-pegasi..."

	All of the Durandanans stared at Rainbow blankly.

	"Ahem... Rainbow..." Fawful hoarsely whispered.

	"Er, right."  Rainbow stepped forward, balanced herself with her wings, and rested the Sword of Solstice down hilt-first so that its blade leaned against the elaborate lamp, basking in the glow of the refracted sunlight.

	Almost immediately, the multi-colored rubies down the center flashed one by one, followed by the gold metal of the blade itself.  The hollow chamber around them shone with a golden brilliance, more luminescent than all three Durandanan towers combined.  Several First-Borns gasped in shock, and a lot of them instantly bowed.  Sivrem and Kitsune hovered around in a tight circle, quietly urging them to stand at attention.

	"Uhm..."  Fawful murmured, "Just how long does it usually take to summon—"

	"Greetings, Rainbow Dash," a majestic female voice resonated across the heavens.

	"Mmmm!" Fawful squeaked inwardly, stepping back with a flounce of her bleached bangs.

	Other elders whispered in shock, their jaded eyes suddenly wide and bright.

	Rainbow smiled warmly, proudly.  "'Hey' yourself, your Highness.  We're not alone, y'know."

	"Indeed..."  Celestia's words undulated in booming strength and clarity.  "We have been waiting eagerly for this moment."

	"W-we?" Fawful whispered aside.

	Rainbow leaned in.  "Where Celestia is, Luna's bound to follow."

	Fawful mouthed "Oh," her eyes wide as she nodded and nodded.

	"From the heart of Equestria, we—the Royal Alicorn Sisters of Harmony—greet you with great respect and boundless joy.  I am Princess Celestia, Steward of the Sun and Ruler of Equestria."

	"And I am Princess Luna," a second voice chimed in, no less eloquent than the first.  "The Keeper of the Moon and Eternal Watcher of Dreams."

	The chamber was aflood with gasping voices, but Celestia's presence drowned it all out.

	"For over ten millennia have we kept faithful vigil over the center of this plane, the land of Rainbow Dash's foaling, Equestria," Celestia continued gracefully.  "My sister and I have been blessed with long lives and intense magical prowess.  For this reason, we have taken it upon ourselves to oversee the lives of the mortal ponies who dwell within our dominion.  It has been a glorious responsibility—but seldom a simple one.  We have had great victories over chaos over the eons, and yet we are not without our mistakes and shortcomings.  And yet, despite all of our struggles, we have successfully maintained a peaceful kingdom in the center of the world, a bastion of Harmony that we hope to someday spread to the furthest reaches of the known realm.  And, if you are so willing, we would love to extend such peace, tranquility, and understanding to you, the pegasi of Durandana."

	There was no response.  Ponies—First-Borns and Gray Feathers alike—simply stared at one anothers in stunned silence.

	From across the way, Rainbow caught Kitsune's eyes.  They looked frightened, jittery.  Rainbow stared at her.  Slowly, she smiled.  After a few breaths, Kitsune calmed down somewhat, and her lips began to curve ever so slightly.

	Then Luna's voice made her and everypony else jolt:  "Perhaps the best way to proceed is not for us to lecture you on our cosmological view of the world, but to encourage the lot of you to perform a formal inquiry."

	Sivrem's brow furrowed at that, as did many ponies beside him.

	"I... I do believe that what my sister means to say is that we are open to all of your questions," Celestia's voice said with a hint of amusement.  "Please, do not hesitate to come forth.  I cannot promise that we will have all the answers that you seek, but we will certainly endeavor to bring 