you whatever clarity we can muster."

	Ponies exchanged glances.  At last, an elder mare trotted up.  All eyes were on her as she approached the sword and bravely spoke, "Princess... Celestia...?"

	"Yes, my little pony?"

	The elder's eyes narrowed.  "Did you know the Valkyrie?"

	Everypony's breaths were collectively held.  Rainbow glanced at the sword, waiting calmly.

	"I cannot with full certainty say that I have," Celestia's voice said.  Before a commotion could rise, she continued:  "As you may have already heard, Rainbow Dash has proposed that the Valkyrie could be the same as Commander Hurricane, a military pegasus from Pegasopolis who departed for eastern skies long ago, rifht after the Kingdom of Equestria was just newly formed.  If this is the case, then—yes, conceivably—I knew her, and I cherished her.  Commander Hurricane was a fiery and inspirational pegasus, a mare who did not back down from any threat—no matter how large.  We bequeathed her this sword that you see before you as a means to keep in contact, as well as to bolster Hurricane's already proficient strength and warrior talents.  Alas, as we have discovered through Rainbow, Hurricane's journey came to a heroic end in a floating city called Stratopolis.  We have yet to determine the fate of other ponies in Hurricane's charge—such as the one you call Duranda."

	Before any other elders could react, Luna's voice spoke up.  "However, it is not an inconceivable concept to us that somepony like the Valkyrie could exist.  All throughout Equestria's history, we have witnessed ponies who have exhibited great power and intense magic, rivaling even that of an alicorn such as myself and my sister.  Several of them, like Starswirl the Bearded, were dear comrades to us in the pursuit of Harmony.  Others—like King Sombra—were ponies cut from a different cloth, but nevertheless impressive in the manner in which they wielded mana and elemental sorcery."

	Fawful stepped up.  "Another question, if I may, Celestia and Luna."

	Rainbow glanced at her.

	The sword pulsed with golden brilliance. "By all means."

	"Where did you and your sister come from?"

	"Ah.  That is a very good question.  My sister and I—as stated before—are Alicorns.  We come from a realm located far, far away.  It is a place situated on the far end of the cosmos, where chaos doesn't run quite so rampant.  Our collective memories of our origin is relatively foggy at best, for on top of being tens of thousands of years ago, the both of us were quite young when we first arrived on this plane."

	Luna spoke up:  "We weren't alone.  There were hundreds of us—all alicorns.  As soon as we discovered this plane—floating lonesomely through the ether—we felt pity for the living creatures suffering in darkness.  We sought for a way to illuminate this world and give them harmony, not to mention peace of mind.  To do this, we had to emulate the natural cycle of a planet born from stardust.  Thus, we constructed this plane's Sun and Moon, but it took the better portion of all of our magical resources.  Most of the alicorns were elders like you, only with lifetimes so vast that they defy explanation.  For them, creating the elements to cover this plane exhausted their remaining strength, and they left Equestria to die quietly among the stars."

	"The youngest alicorns, including myself and Luna, stayed behind to govern the spirit of Harmony that was planted here in this land.  It has been anything but an easy task, and even at the peak of our power we can only illuminate one side of the plane.  However, the civilization that we have established in Equestria and abroad gives us hope for an entire plane of uniformed Harmony someday.  That will be a time when the likes of alicorns may no longer be needed whatsoever—"

	"You control the Sun and Moon?!" Kitsune blurted.  "How?!"

	Others stammered while a few elders frowned at the flinching mare.

	Fawful trotted over and rested a hoof on the First-Born's shoulder.  "She has a good question."  She smiled, the