n turned towards the sword.  "If it's possible to elaborate."

	"It is," Celestia said.  "The Sun—as stated before—was conjured by the alicorns and harnessed to abide by natural elements.  That said, we exist on a fairly unnatural plane, a place that we incidentally discovered to house life.  To that end, the Sun requires a well-timed spell in order to induce a proper orbit.  I perform this regularly—every day—at dawn."

	"And I raise the Moon to light up the night every evenng," Luna's voice said.  "Also regularly.  As natural realms abide, so must this one.  This is the promise that we made to our late brothers and sisters several millennia ago, for the sake of maintaining Harmony."

	"If that is true..." An elder stallion approached the sword, his eyes narrow.  "Then that means your powers hold sway over the Sun and Moon at any given time?"

	"Indeed."

	Another mare spoke up.  "Then could you lower the Sun now?  Or raise the Moon now?  To demonstrate your power?"

	The room filled with breathy commotion.  Sivrem leaned forward curiously.  Jerrio was glancing fitfully to his left and right.

	Celestia eventually spoke, her voice full of reluctance.  "I'm afraid... that simply isn't possible."

	"And why isn't it?" an elder asked.  "If you are what you claim to be, then it all falls under your control."

	"It is as we said," Luna spoke up.  "While we raise the Sun and Moon, we must abide by the natural mechanisms that are put in place for them.  Once dawn or evening has transpired, we have completed our separate labors."

	Celestia joined in.  "You must realize that the Sun and Moon do not shine on Durandana alone, nor just Equestria for that matter.  They shine upon this plane equally, rising and falling at the same time for equines everywhere—relative to their placement upon the surface of earth.  To alter their movements may be explainable to Equestrians, and they might surve a purpose in educating you."

	"But there is no telling what overwhelmingly tragic effects it may have on all of the distant civilizations that populate this world," Luna explained.  "Almost all of whom we cannot afford contact with, much less in the way in which we're blessed to communicate with you."

	"But..."  Sivrem flapped his wings, hovering boldly towards the blade.  Jerrio watched him with a jerk as he flew by.  "... the Lights From Above did go dark at one point."  His eyes narrowed.  "Several seasons ago.  Were you abiding by your own rules then?"

	Rainbow bit her lip.

	Eventually, it was Luna who replied:  "Indeed, we were not, but not for lack of trying.  You see, there was... the culmination of a long struggle, leading to over twenty-four hours of night.  I take full responsibility for it.  I have... only recently been restored to my station, you see.  For a thousand years, Celestia was in charge of both the Sun and Moon."

	"For... them both?" a stallion remarked while the First-Borns behind him murmured in awe.

	"And now, it is I who controls them both," Luna said.  "Though Celestia's glory holds fast over the Sun, she is currently encumbered with suppressing a well of chaos energy, preventing it from consuming Equestria from the inside out."

	Rainbow exhaled hard through her nostrils, bowing her head.  Fawful glanced curiously at her.

	"It pains me to admit that we are far from perfect, my friends," Celestia said.  "We have only ever endeavored to bring order to this plane.  It has not been without its fair share of tribulation and regrettable mistakes.  One such mistake is having lost track of Hurricane's expedition for so many years."

	Luna spoke:  "We weren't there to see what happened to the Commander's remnant, but from what we have learned through the Sword of Solstice's recovery, we have every reason to believe that you—each and every one of you—are descendants of ancient Equestrians.  You are like long lost family to us, and while we aren't proud of having broken contact, we are indescribably jubilant to be in conference with you now."

	Elders and First-Borns 