alike exchanged glances.  Several of them bore contented expressions.

	Rainbow's eyes scanned the crowd—but lingered on a twitching sight.  Jerrio was shivering to the point of convulsions.  His ears folded back.

	"Please understand that we have no intention of denouncing the Valkyrie or what she stands for.  As we have much to tell you, we do hope you'll have much to tell us.  That way, we might be able to make a better connection, and dwell together—not as missing fragments—but as one flock, united in peace and Harmony—"

	Snarling, Jerrio galloped up suddenly.

	Rainbow winced, jolting forward.

	"Jerrio—!" Sivrem shouted too late.

	"Grnnngh!"  Jerrio leapt with gliding wings and struck the blade with a heavy forelimb.

	Cl-Clang!  The sword ricocheted across the wooden frame, settling to a loud stop at the hooves of flinching pegasi.  Luna's and Celestia's voice instantly faded, giving way to gasping, whispering Durandanans.

	Rainbow's eyes closed.  She exhaled long and hard, her wings drooping.

	"First-Born!" an angry elder barked from the other side of the chamber.  "You were brought here and allowed to give audience to the outsider's patron matriarchs!  And this is how you show your gratitude?"

	"Gratitude...?!"  Jerrio seethed and winced.  Blood trickled down his fetlock from where he had punched the tip of the golden blade.  "And not eggshells?!"

	"Jerrio..." Kitsune trotted up to him, raising a trembling hoof to his wound.  "Y-your leg...!"

	"Hnnngh!" Jerrio shoved the mare off so that she fell into Sivrem's embrace.  Spinning about, he pointed his bleeding hoof at the blade and spat, "It's evil sorcery!  Meant to deceive us!"

	"Jerrio," Fawful droned, her eyes like daggers.  "You're not helping."

	"And you are?!"  Jerrio balked at her.  "Fawful, you were once First-Born... but now you are a Gray Feather!  You are meant to protect the scrolls!  Not allow for an invasion of lies and treachery!"  He spun and snarled at the crowd.  "Conjuring an unnatural Sun and Moon?!  Illuminating a plane floating pointlessly through chaos?!  Do you even hear what these creatures are saying?!  How they malign the Lights from Above and insult the Valkyrie's glory?!"

	"Dude... come on..."  Rainbow sighed, trotting forward.  "If you just listened to what they had to—"

	"I did listen!" Jerrio hollered.  "And it's blasphemous!  All of it!"  He shoved his bleeding hoof into Rainbow's chest.  "Now you listen!  You do not carry the blood of our glorious Valkyrie!  I don't know how you caused the Gold Lights—but you and your talking sword and your flying Silver can go just gust!  We do not need your infernal devices defacing the glory of our Mother any longer!  There is only one Source of the Light!  Not two!  Not hundreds!"  He limped off, grimacing.  "And th-those of you foolish enough to lend ear to this nonsense... you... you..."  He panted, his eyes tearing as he gnashed his teeth.  "You are no Durandanans!  You have n-no respect for the scrolls!"

	With that, he took off on heavy wings.

	Kitsune clung to Sivrem, watching breathlessly while the stallion frowned.

	Several Gray Feathers exchanged quiet looks.

	Multiple First-Borns—visibly shaken—turned tail and flapped off, gliding after Jerrio.

	The whole group lingered in muddled silence.

	Rainbow slumped back on her haunches, sighing.  She toyed with her pendant, staring down at the floor.  After hearing a scraping sound, she looked aside to see Fawful stepping up, dragging the Sword of Solstice after her.

	"Please... don't be a sad sparrow," she said through a quiet smile, then hoofed the sword over.  "Place it back up.  Most of us wish to hear more."

	Rainbow gulped.  "You... you r-really think so?"

	Fawful's eyes narrowed.  "I wish to hear more."

	Rainbow blinked, then slowly nodded.  With everypony watching, she shuffled back to the lamp and calmly placed the blade back.  As the gold glow returned, it caused the trailing puddle of crimson blood to evaporate into the heated air, becoming 