h a dull hum, the Noble Jury lowered towards the tip of the iceberg.  Prowse was halfway through hoisting Props on board with a massive roll of thunder lit the air.  Rainbow Dash and Josho looked back to see the chunk of ice cracking in two and the collapsed ship falling into the frothing depths below.

    “Thaaaaaat’s a big crack!”  Eagle stammered.

    “I’ve worn bigger.”  Josho twirled and threw Eagle sky-high with a burst of mana.  While the shrieking unicorn flew in, Josho jumped, grabbed onto the hangar plank’s edge, and required Zaid, Props, and Ebon to be pulled on board.  Meanwhile Prowse hopped in while Rainbow shoved on board Elma.

    Not long after, a blood-curdling growl emanated from the waters.  Rainbow’s ears twitched, and immediately she stopped what she was doing to yell, “Up!  Up!  Go up!”

    Sploooosh!

    With a high-pitched shriek, the bloodied frost wyrm lunged out of the waters, its teeth clamping onto the stern of the Noble Jury.

    “Bloody Hell!”  Prowse found himself thrown against the hangar wall.  He tried to aim an arm cannon but fell victim to the throes of inertia.

    “What what what what what--?!”  Ebon pointed, wide-eyed and trembling.

    Zaid leaned over the ship’s cook to shout, “Rainbow!  Do something about your pet, will ya?!  She reeks!”

    “Grggggh!” Rainbow gripped the plank with her forelimbs while slamming her lower legs viciously into the monster’s gills.

    The eyes of the creature flinched, rolled back, then disappeared under mucus lids.  With a vomit of saliva, the thing released its bite on the Jury and slunk back into the waves.

    Almost instantly, the Noble Jury rose like a bottle rocket, putting yards upon yards of distance between its quivering hull and the sinking iceberg below.

    “Mmmmf!” Rainbow slumped on board the hangar, panting.  Her breathless wheezes were shared by the rest of the crew as they all stood on the stern entrance’s edge, peering into the tempestuous brine.  The pale figure of the massive frost wyrm shook and writhed violently.

    “Yeesh…”  Zaid stammered, smiling wearily at the others.  “I suppose that one dude in the robe was right… y’know… about there always being a bigger fish?”

    Josho shook his head.  “Gimme a closer shave than that and I’ll be all bone.”

    “You okay?”  Ebon shook Eagle’s dazed body.  “You’re not bitten or frozen or anything, are you?”

    “I… don’t think so…?”  The unicorn felt his bangs with a wincing expression.  “Oh Spark, how’s my mane look?”  A beat.  He blinked and glanced aside at the stallion nuzzling him.  “Uhhh… Ebon?  I said I’m fine.”

    “So what now?” Elma stammered, glancing up at the others.  “Thank you for saving us.  But we’re still out in the middle of nowhere.  What brought you out this far anyways?”

    Rainbow Dash was silent.  She stood up, glaring suddenly into the waters far below.

    “Uhm…”  Elma’s beak clammed up as her head drew deeper into her shell.  “Was it something I said?”

    Suddenly, Rainbow stripped of her saddlebag, reached inside, pulled her trusty hatchet out in her teeth, then threw the satchel into Zaid’s grasp.  Then, without warning, she spread her limbs and swan dove clear off the plank of the Noble Jury.

    “Jeebuses!” Props squeaked, eyes wide.

    “Rainbow!” Eagle Eye scampered up to the side, only to be stopped by Josho at the last second.  Ebon and Prowse also looked over in shock.  “What’s she doing?!”

    “Shhhh!”  Josho grunted, eyes squinting.

    Rainbow Dash had already splashed into the waters below.  Her body disappeared amidst the cold, freezing waves.  Not long after, the tumultuous sea calmed entirely.  The pale figure of the frost wyrm also dove into the depths, so that all that was visible was the bubbling froth from the sinking ship beside the fractured ice berg.

    Seconds past… an entire minute…

    And then, a pool of