nothing.

	A sore lump formed in Rainbow's throat.  She turned around and trotted towards the edge of the structure, remaining there in meditative silence while the rest of the Durandanans continued their conversation with Luna and Celestia.
		//------------------------------//
		// Welcome to the Club, Pal		//------------------------------//

	Rainbow Dash slid the Sword of Solstice all the way inside her saddlebag, then proceeded to tighten the satchel shut with a jerk of her teeth to the outer flap.  Releasing her grip, she exhaled calmly, turned around, and stared over the misty treetops stretching west from the platform along Central D.

	An orange sun was setting along the horizon, casting jagged shadows across the basin as it lowered beyond the reach of the western Sky Stabs.

	Rainbow took a deep breath, her eyes falling towards the foliage below.  The treehouses lingered in sleepy silence.  Lights flickered on one by one as the various Durandanans settled in for the night.  The serenity of the moment stole something out of Rainbow's inner being, and she trembled ever so slightly as she gazed on.

	A slight jolt ran through her body at the sound of Fawful shuffling up from behind.

	"I thought you had flown off already," the Gray Feather said.  She trotted up and stood alongside Rainbow.  "You look troubled.  Is there something you're looking for out there?"

	Rainbow's nostrils flared.  "Yeah," she muttered.  "Flame, smoke, and looting."

	Fawful raised an eyebrow.  "Why, whatever do you mean?"

	With a groan, Rainbow muttered, "You can't pretend to tell me that everything's hunky-dorey."  She gulped.  "There were tons less ponies hanging out around the end of the conversation as there were in the beginning."

	"It was hardly a complete disaster, Rainbow."

	"Fawful, a lot of Durandanans are clearly unhappy with the stuff that Celestia and Luna had to say!"

	Fawful gulped and said, "And I honestly can't blame them.  I'd be lying if I said that I wasn't shooken up myself."

	Rainbow squinted at her.  "Then why did you stick around for the whole thing?"

	"The same reason that you did."

	"Huh?"

	Fawful smiled contentedly.  "I may not fully grasp all of the things that your Princesses said.  In fact, from what I can tell, they're not entirely sure of all the things they're saying themselves."

	Rainbow winced and said, "But we're on the ball with most of it."

	"I can tell that," Fawful said with a nod.  "And, what's more, I find your sincerity palpable.  What you've chosen to do today was very, very brave, Rainbow Dash.  Furthermore, I'm touched that you would express such concern for the welfare of all Durandanans."

	"Yeah... but... more to the point..."  Rainbow clenched and unclenched her jaw.  "...do you guys believe any of it?"

	Slowly, Fawful's smile faded.  She trotted towards the edge of the platform.

	Rainbow gazed at her in silence.

	At last, Fawful said, "It has always been the job of the elders to protect the scrolls.  But, our task goes even beyond that.  Every so often, there's an issue that arises concerning the interpretation of the words of Duranda.  Usually, wise counsel falls within picking one of two or three different stances on the scripture in question.  Once the Gray Feathers have deliberated, they announce their decision to the Three Towers, and the flock of Durandana agree whole-heartedly to follow the interpretation without question.  We've no other choice.  The decision of the Gray Feathers is absolute.  It has to be, or else the strength of the Valkyrie's legacy threatens to dissolve within our hearts."

	Fidgeting where she stood, Rainbow said, "Do you... uhm... h-have any idea what sort a decision the majority of elders are gonna make about what happened today?"

	Fawful tensed slightly.  Her eyes moistened while remaining locked upon the red horizon.  "All I know is... f-for the first time in my entire life... I can feel that my heart may—in fact—not agree with the decision that the Gray Feathers ultimately make."

	Rainbow 