bit her teeth as her ears folded.

	Fawful noticed it.  She turned towards Rainbow Dash and sniffled, forcing a smile.  "If you hadn't stumbled our way to give us the knowledge that you most recently have, Rainbow, then I'm certain somepony eventually would, be it in this age or the next.  The basin of Durandana couldn't remain a lonely nest forever..."

	Rainbow grimaced as she said, "So much about me and destiny, huh?"

	Fawful had no immediate response.  She faltered slightly.  After a timid shiver, she quietly said, "Go and be with your friends, Rainbow Dash.  It's been a long day, and you've earned a respite."  She gulped and turned about, trotting away.  "We all deserve to be at peace with the world..."

	Rainbow watched her trot along.  After a few moments, she spread her wings and flew west, coasting along the currents of her own sighs.



	As Rainbow lifted herself over another row of tall trees, she spotted the stalk of West D stretching against the darkening horizon.  Before her eyes, the giant wooden tower retracted, slowly lowering towards the earth while clattering echoes of wooden gears sounded across the basin.

	With the last beams of Final Light diminished, the landscape was engulfed in a dark shadow, and even the distant twinkle of treehouses resembled dying stars amidst the perpetual haze.

	The momentary desolation was strangely calming.  Rainbow exhaled softly—only to realize that she couldn't use her lungs.

	The pegasus' eyes bulged.  The world spun, thrown aloft by an impermeable wave of dizziness.  A frail squeak escaped her lips, and her hooves thrashed at the world as it spun and spun harder around her.

	"Gnnngh... C-Celestia!" she wheezed into the cyclonic blur.  The trees were flying towards her at dozens of feet per second.  This time, there was nothing to broadcast a command from her head to her feathers.  She hissed, feeling the taste of bile rising up in her throat.  Soon, the frantic world darkened—turning cold and numb.  She gave into the deathly kiss of gravity, closing her eyes, rolling over as if to sleep.

	And just like that, the spinning stop.  She heard flapping wings pierce the air, and she felt the blood shifting in her body until she was plummeting no more.

	"Nnnngh... g-guh..."  It took some violent effort, but she was finally able to wrench one of her eyes open.  The dizziness was still there, but she could see the treetops slowly lowering around her.  She was coasting towards the forest floor, draped in a body's firm grip.  "Mmmff... A... Axan...?"

	There was no response.  Rainbow felt herself being gently rolled to a stop in the soft grass.  As her body slumped still, she caught a pony's bandaged leg in the starlight.

	The mare sputtered.  "J-Jerrio...?"

	The glint of his green eyes was unmistakable.  His serious face tilted down towards her.  Jerrio bent low, feeling her muzzle and neck with his hooves.  In a neutral tone, he murmured, "Breathe evenly.  Try to relax."

	She struggled with that.

	"I said breathe," he hissed.  "You're like a sparrow taking her first plunge from the tree branches."

	Rainbow twitched less and less.  Her eyes settled on the sway of leaves overhead.  At last, the shivers dissipated, and she once again felt her forelimbs through the fog of the moment.  "Nnnngh... whew..."  She sighed heavily. "Jerrio... Jerrio, thank you.  I... I c-couldn't stop what was happening.  If you hadn't flown by, I would have been a goner for sure."  Silence.  Rainbow blinked.  "Jerrio?"

	He was nowhere to be seen.  As a matter of fact, he was nowhere to be heard.

	Rainbow blinked nervously.  As her senses continued to coalesce, she felt remarkably lighter.  She rolled to her side, gasping—for Luna's saddlebag was no longer clinging to her flanks.  "The Sword!  Where—?"

	A length of metal glinted in the starlight.

	Rainbow's blood ran cold.  She glanced up weakly.  Gulping, she muttered, "Jerrio... wh-what are you doing?"

	From where she lay, she could see the stallion standing at an angle.  The length 