of the Sword lay in his grasp, and he stared at it intently with thin eyes.  "What gives you the right to control the Lights From Above?" he murmured in a dry voice.

	Rainbow swallowed hard and said, "Celestia can't talk to you right now, Jerrio.  It's nighttime."

	"I wasn't asking her."  A piercing green gaze pivoted and fell on Rainbow.  With a furrowed brow, the stallion gripped the sword tighter and said, "This is just an object.  I could carry this to the highest mists over Durandana and drop it to its doom.  I could hide it where nopony would ever see it.  I could even smash it to bits against the rocks that surround my home."

	"Jerrio..."  Rainbow's teeth showed.  "Listen to me!  Whatever you're th-thinking..." She shivered and sputtered, "Don't go through with it!  If you think that you can just—" Her words trailed off as her eyes twitched.

	Jerrio was gently laying the sword down in the grass before Rainbow Dash.  "But it wouldn't do any good, would it?" the stallion murmured in a melancholic tone.  "The damage is done.  The scrolls have been maligned.  And even if I actually did do away with the sword, the outside world would still come crashing in on us, one way or another."  A deep breath.  "Carried in on strange... frightening winds..."

	Rainbow shuddered.  "For a m-moment there, I thought you were g-gonna do something stupid."

	"Hrmmm..."  He sighed out his nostrils, gazing at his bandaged forelimb.  "I already did."

	"Hey..."  Rainbow smiled awkwardly.  "We all do crazy th—"

	"But I do not apologize for it!" he leaned forward and spat, teeth showing.  "Do you have any idea what this means?!  Do you have any idea what you have done to me and every pony I hold dear?!"

	Rainbow stared at him.  Her muzzle quivered.  "I-I'm starting to," she murmured.

	Jerrio fumed, fumed, then ultimately leaned back with a sigh.  "All my life, I've abided by the word of the Gray Feathers.  And here you come with a... sword of sorcery, claiming that there's some word that exists higher than the elders!"

	"Now nopony ever said that Celestia and Luna have greater authority than—"

	"Do not lie!" Jerrio snarled.  "It does not suit you!"  A heavy breath.  "Nor does fear..."

	Rainbow blinked, then frowned.  "Fine.  Fine.  You want the truth?  Gnnngh..."  With struggling muscles, she pushed herself up into a sitting position.  "Friggin' get over yourself!  So what if I rained on your damn parade?!  There's a huge world out there, Jerrio... a world that's huge and scary and violent—I know.  But get used to it!  That's what I had to do!  I thought I could take on the world beyond Equestria all lickety-split with nothing to care for but myself, but I realized it was all way... way bigger than me!  And the only thing that keeps me going is the hope that Harmony will win out for all of the ponies whose lives I've struggled to help!  And the same goes for you!  Even if you are being a stupid little jerk about it!"

	"How does any of this help me?  Help us?!" Jerrio snarled.  "I spent the entire afternoon arguing with my brothers and sisters!  Every breath was full of heat and eggshells!  Some are talking about exploring the world beyond the green!  Others are thinking that a terrible sickness has befallen the Gray Feathers!  And all of this because of you!"

	"Look, I'm sorry to be the bearer of bad news!" Rainbow grunted.  "But some day or another you dudes are going to have to own up to the fact that you're not alone in this world!  I know it's simple and easy to just dwell on the Gold Lights and the Valkyrie and nothing else, but you just can't stop reality!"

	Jerrio took several fuming breaths.  "Do you th-think that it is easy?"  He gulped.  "To g-give up flight, to give up love, to g-give up freedom and the color of one's m-mane... just to b-become a Gray Feather himself?"  His face paled slightly in the starlight, and his breath became ragged.  "To commit one's entire life to the scrolls... to forsake all levity and joy for the pursuit of the same scripture that h-has defined you 