from foaling 'til death?"

	Rainbow gazed at him softly. She blinked and said, "Seems like somepony's been struggling with the truth before I even came here..."

	Jerrio's eyes glistened.  He sat back and shiver slightly.  At last, he said, "I've struggled with my own selfish emotions for a long... long time.  I did not ask to be First-Born, but I dared not question it.  My only solace was that a life of commitment to the scrolls would provide me the answers I've sweated over for so long.  I would have solace... b-but now?"  He winced.  "I... I no longer have a center.  What kind of a world is this where the Lights shine on strangers and siblings alike?  And even the creatures who empower those Lights are fallible themselves?"  He sniffled and ran a hoof through his mane.  "It's just... too ugly... too frightening to comprehend.  I... I-I do not know how to even trust myself in this world you've painted for all of us..."

	Rainbow nodded slowly.  "Welcome to the club, pal," she said in a soft tone.  "It ain't all that fun at first.  But believe me..."  She smiled.  "It isn't all ugly."

	Jerrio narrowed his gaze on her.  "How do you cope?  How do you spend the rest of your days knowing that the enormity of everything dwarves you?"

	"Easy," Rainbow said.  "By being better than everything."

	"But that's impossible."

	"Doesn't mean I'm not gonna give it all I'm worth," she said, wheezing slightly at an aftershock of dizziness.  "Nnnngh... used to be that all I hated in life was losing.  But now?"  She gulped.  "The one thing that freaks me out is being a bad example, despite everything I've ever done.  I'd hate to fail Harmony now..."

	Jerrio trotted over.  He used his hoof to coil Rainbow's wings at her side.  "...this illness... this sickness that you have...?"

	"What about it?"

	"It is killing you, isn't it?"

	Rainbow bit her lip, and ultimately nodded.

	Jerrio's brow furrowed.  "Then just what does a pony like you have to gain from all of this?"

	At last, Rainbow wheezed, "I-I just want us all to get together as one flock."

	Jerrio squinted at her.  "And you think the Gray Feathers will actually allow this?"

	She gazed straight back.  "You think it's gonna matter?"

	He had no response.

	Rainbow took several deep breaths.  On wobbly legs, she stood up, exhaling in relief.  "I... I-I think I'm good to go..."  She slid the sword back into her saddlebag and limply slipped it on.  "Mrmmmf... just... j-just gotta get back to the Noble Jury.  Thanks, Jerrio... I-I think I can fly back now."

	"No."  The stallion shook his head before trotting over to help even her balance.  He spread his wings over the both of them.  "Not on your own, you can't..."
		//------------------------------//
		// The Greatest Triumph There Is		//------------------------------//

	"Rainbow Dash!"  Bellesmith exclaimed, galloping up to the Noble Jury's edge alongside Eagle Eye and Pilate.  "There you are!  We were so worried!"

	"Heh... wh-why should you be?" Rainbow Dash said with a slight smirk.  She nevertheless winced as she unhooked a forelimb from around Jerrio's neck.  The stallion helped her down to the ship's top deck with gently flapping wings.  "I just t-took a detour on the way back.  That's all—whoah."  She teetered as soon as her hooves touched down.

	Eagle Eye steadied her with expert telekinesis.  "Yeesh.  You're really out of it, aren't you?"

	"Some of us have better luck staying out than in, Eagle..."

	"Hardy har har."  Eagle glanced over his shoulder.  "Belle?"

	"Right."  The mare nodded and reached in to support Rainbow's shoulder.  "Hammock time."

	"Hooo boy..."  Rainbow wheezed, hobbling alongside Belle.  "I certainly won't argue with that."

	"You've had a long day," Belle said with a smile.  "No shame in retiring early."

	"Ugh.  Really, Belle.  Don't use the 'r' word."

	"S-sorry..."

	"Is the Sword of Solstice in one piece?" Pilate asked.

	"I'm fine, Stripesy.  Thanks for asking," Rainbow muttered.

	"The sword is undamaged," Jerrio said, hovering