 in place.  "I made sure of that."

	Pilate tilted his head towards the stallion.  "Is that so?"

	Jerrio didn't respond.  He watched as Eagle Eye and Belle helped Rainbow into the cockpit and down the vertical crawlspace of the Noble Jury.  "Just how long has she been dying?"

	Pilate's metal brow furrowed.  He said, "Always."

	"You knew this when you befriended her?"

	Pilate nodded.

	"And yet... you stuck by her side?"

	"She stuck by our side," Pilate said.  "When all we had in our lives was lost and when everything we once trusted had turned on us, Rainbow clung to us like our own fur and led us out of a land of pure destruction."

	"Is that so...?"

	"Have the two of you been talking?"

	"Yes.  But not about her past," Jerrio said.

	"It's quite an epic tale," Pilate remarked.  "With abundant heartache... but great triumph as well."

	"Have you ever once considered..."  Jerrio hovered lower, gazing intently at the blind zebra.  "...that your lives would have been better off if she had never crossed paths with you to begin with?"

	Pilate was silent.

	"That perhaps all of the things that you're grateful to her for are simply coincidences?"  Jerrio leaned his head to the side.  "And your lives have actually been sacrificed by her own intervention?"

	After a deep breath, Pilate said, "Do I regret leaving our quiet cabin back in Blue Shelf?  Do I regret having become enemies of the Ledomaritan Confederacy and having to live life on the run?"  He slowly nodded.  "Not a day goes by when I don't wish things had been easier on us.  But I wouldn't have it any other way."

	Jerrio squinted.  "And just why is that?"

	"Because I would prefer to die in my beloved's arms as a free and righteous pony rather than suffer a life where I submitted one more day to a manipulative regime built on lies and deceit," Pilate said.  He took a step forward, speaking in the Durandanan's direction.  "Complacency is one of the blackest sins ever, and it can adapt itself to any life and any environment.  But just because one feels comfortable with a way of life doesn't make it a good one."

	Jerrio frowned.  "Every time I hear about the lands beyond the greens, I am disgusted.  As far as I'm concerned, it's a disgusting world."

	"But it is also a good world."

	"How do you know that?"

	Pilate's lips curved.  "Because there are ponies like Rainbow Dash in it."  A pause, and then he added, "And ponies like you."

	Jerrio blinked awkwardly.  "I don't understand..."

	Pilate turned his head towards the cockpit.  "It's no mere miracle that Rainbow Dash arrived here safely so late..."  He turned back towards Jerrio.  "And with the Sword of Solstice... is it?"

	Jerrio was dead silent.

	"Rainbow has immense respect and faith in you pegasi," Pilate said, then shuffled towards the stern as he felt his way to the stairwell.  "For a while, I didn't quite understand why... until now."

	The stallion's wings went slack.  He perched on the ship's railing, gazing off in silence.

	"Have a blessed First Light, friend," Pilate said from a distance.

	Jerrio cleared his throat and nodded.  "Likewise..."



	Hours passed.

	Rainbow tossed and turned in her hammock.

	She winced, her lips murmuring indecipherable words.

	At last, with a gasp, she jerked up in the swinging bed.

	"Gnngh!  Discord!  Guys, h-he...!"

	Silence.

	Rainbow panted and panted.  Her eyes twitched as her body went limp.  Gritting her teeth, Rainbow covered her face with her forelimbs.  She sat there for a while, combating shivers.

	At last, stretching one wing after another, she hovered off the cockpit and landed on the floor of the observation room.  She almost stumbled upon a warm body.  Squinting in the starlight, she spotted Bellesmith lying on a mess of gathered blankets.  The mare had chosen to stay close to Rainbow overnight.

	Glancing towards the doorway, Rainbow saw Pilate—likewise asleep—lying with his haunches propped up against the doorframe.  She gazed at the couple in silence.

	Belle's 