breaths shuddered slightly.  She curled up, hugging her exposed body.

	Rainbow gently grasped the edge of a blanket in her teeth and laid it over Belle's figure.  The mare relaxed in mid-sleep, her breaths growing softer, quieter.

	Without saying a word, Rainbow drifted out of the observation room altogether.



	Ascending the crawlspace to the second floor, Rainbow evened out then hovered down the thin hallway full of sleeping cabins.  Halfway towards the mess hall, she stopped, levitating in place.

	She leaned her head towards one cabin door.  Inside, she could hear Eagle Eye's even breaths.  They weren't alone.  Another stallion was sleeping peacefully alongside him.

	Rainbow inched from the doorway without a word.  After a contemplative breath, she glided into the mess hall and through the kitchen beyond.



	With a quiet squeak, Rainbow twisted open the rear hatch to the engine room.  Her ruby eyes squinted against the lavender glow coming from the tome in the very center of the compartment.

	Beyond a glossy sea of consoles, Rainbow spotted a cot lying just beside Props' workbench and communications array.  Two figures were fast asleep on the bed.  A blonde pony nestled in the limbs of a lanky stallion while his forelimbs gently wrapped around her.

	Even from afar, Rainbow could see soft smiles on Props' and Zaid's muzzles.  She gazed at them for a little while, then made a quiet exit, closing the engine room door as quietly as she could behind her.



	Rainbow lingered.  She hesitated.

	Her limbs fidgeted beneath her, and she was biting her lip to the point of bleeding.

	At last, after one or two deep breaths, she found the nerve to knock on the door in front of her.

	There was no response.

	She knocked again.

	Still, dead silence.

	At last, holding her breath, Rainbow went on ahead and opened the door to the lower hangar.

	She peered her head into the compartment, glancing left and right.  As the shadowed interior came into focus, she realized that there was no sign of Roarke.  There was no sign of the Lounge transport either.  The place was completely empty.

	A very familiar feeling.

	Rainbow Dash sighed.

	"She's out, in case you're wondering."

	Rainbow Dash spun around.  "Huh?"

	Kera stood against the doorframe, rubbing her tired eyes with a little hoof.  "Mmmff... you're looking for Roarke, aren't you?"

	Rainbow Dash squinted.  "Shouldn't you be in bed, kid?" she whispered.

	Kera frowned.  "Why's that always the first thing that comes out of adults' mouths these days?"

	"Because it's the easiest thing," Rainbow droned.  "You'll use it when you're my age.  Trust me."

	"You'll be a lot older by then," Kera said with a smirk.  "Like... wrinkly old.  So wouldn't I be saying the same thing to you?"

	"I doubt you'll have to worry about that."

	"Huh?"

	Rainbow sighed and flew past her, ascending the stairwell.  "Go to bed, kid."



	Rainbow Dash sat along the port side of the Noble Jury.  Waves of crickets echoed from the treetops below.  She kept facing the east horizon, watching as a thin glow of gold light formed along the distant Sky Stabs.

	Breathing deeply, she closed her eyes and spread her wings, focusing on the brief currents of warm wind that blew her bangs in intermittent waves.

	From behind her:  "She'll be back eventually, y'know.  I'm sure if you hung around long enough, you could talk to her then."

	Rainbow sighed and opened her eyes.  "What part of 'go to bed' don't you understand?"

	"Oh, I understand it," Kera said in a warm voice as she waddled closer.  "I just don't give a flying feather."

	"Hah.  Cute," Rainbow blurted in a neutral tone.  "You can make a pegasus pun."

	"I knew you'd like it."

	"Kera, what are—?"  Rainbow stopped in mid speech, clenched her teeth, and sighed in defeat.  "Mmmmf... I-I haven't been very awesome, lately."

	"Huh?"

	She turned to look over her shoulder with a tired smile.  "I haven't been keeping track of you.  I'm sorry for that, kid."

	"You... uh..