his place."

	"Why not?"

	"Just because they're descendants of ancient Equestrians doesn't mean that they absolutely belong in Equestria."  Rainbow took a deep breath.  "However... they do deserve to know about where they came from."

	"If they've been living here for so long, I can't imagine they'd give a crap."

	"Yeah, well, there's no sense in letting them live on without knowing the truth."

	"Sounds like something Pilate would say."

	"And lemme guess," Rainbow murmured.  "Not what Belle would say."

	Kera shrugged.  She tapped her chin, then looked up.  "What do you think?"

	"I... I think..."  Rainbow lingered.  "...I think that I can only do so much for these guys.  I've done too much as it is to leave them on their own."

	"Huh?"  Kera blinked.  "What do you mean?"

	Rainbow was silent.

	"Rainbow...?"

	"Can... can you k-keep a secret, kid?" Rainbow murmured.  "If it meant a lot to me?"

	Kera silently nodded and nodded.

	After a deep breath, Rainbow gazed off the ship's side and said, "I don't think we'll be having many future conversations like this.  Face it.  We're out of Ledomare.  Stratopolis is a bunch of burning ashes.  Elma got dropped off someplace where she'll be happy.  On top of that, you guys have what it takes to deal with Val Roa.  But as for me..."

	"You're... y-you're staying?"

	"Please..."  Rainbow gritted her teeth.  "I... I-I still gotta figure out a way to break it to Pilate and Belle.  But... it's the only thing that makes sense at this point."

	"How does this m-make sense?!" Kera stammered.  "I mean... you're the whole reason the Noble Jury sticks together!"

	"We stick together because we're a damn good team," Rainbow said.  "And it'll do well even with one member short."

	"You're not just a member, Rainbow Dash!"  Kera stood up, shaking slightly.  "You're the most awesome pegasus there is!"

	"Kera..."

	"Are you crazy?!"  Kera frowned.  "We can't do crap in Val Roa without you!"

	"That's something you're going to have to deal with one way or another!" Rainbow hissed back.  Then, her ears drooped as she spoke in a calmer tone.  "I... I-I don't have much in me left, Kera."

	Kera blinked.  "Your illness," she murmured.

	"If I stick with you guys, I'm just dead weight," Rainbow said.  "It's time I faced the music.  I've had my tailwind, Kera, and it gave me some good distance.  But now?"  She shook her head.  "I'll be lucky if I make it out of this crater alive.  And even then... what good would I do?  If I'm gonna kerplunk, I'd best do it in a place where I don't have to slow anypony down."

	"So, you'd rather die here instead?"

	"I... I'm of some use here," Rainbow said.  "These pegasi can learn a lot from me, and I'm sure I could learn a lot from them.  I mean... all this 'Austraeoh' crap has been about fate this and destiny that.  Doesn't seem like no small coincidence that Durandana would exist here of all places, at the end of my journey."

	Kera's eyes narrowed.  "It's only your end if you make it, Dash."

	"I'm no more a fan of it than you are, kid.  But a strong mare knows when her number's up."  Rainbow gulped, her voice hoarse.  "It's been awesome, but... I-I just can't do it any longer."

	Kera shivered slightly, hanging her head.  "Why'd you tell me, then?  Before the others, I mean."

	"'Cuz you're a lot stronger than everypony gives you credit for, Kera," Rainbow said with a slight smirk.  "Perhaps Roarke has been the first to help you see your own potential.  If that's so, good for her.  But sooner than you know it, you'll have to step up and prove yourself to everypony else.  They'll try and treat you with foal's gloves, only because they love you. But you can't let that stop you from pulling your own weight and saving their skin when the moment demands it."

	"You mean Belle and Pilate?"

	"Especially Belle and Pilate.  They're a good pair, those ponies, but they can be real sissies every once and a while.  Countless times, I'ved had to ignore all of their whimpering and just kick flank for them a