nyways.  I figure the same thing's gonna be true with you, kid, because you're getting old and they're not getting any younger and who knows what's in store for the Jury in Val Roa."

	"The way you talk about us..."  Kera tried not to sniffle, but failed.  "It's like you know us inside and out."

	"I can't help it, kiddo," Rainbow said.  "We're like family.  And I'm sorry if it hurts to hear me say all this, but there's no sense in padding it up any."  She gulped.  "Back where I come from, there was a little foal with a lot of spunk... kind of like you.  And I discovered too late how important it was to sh-share with her a piece of my mind... to tell her how much I believed in her."  Rainbow gulped.  "And I believe in you, Kera.  You've got what it takes to go places... even longer distances than me."

	Kera's head was bowed.  She shook and shivered.

	"Kid... come on..."  Rainbow trotted softly towards her.  "Look at me..."

	"If you say th-that we're like f-family..."  Kera looked up, her eyes glossy.  "Then why are you leaving us, Rainbow Dash?"

	Rainbow froze in her tracks.

	Kera frowned as a tear ran down her tattooed face.  "What do these winged freaks got that we haven't?"

	"They... th-they aren't freaks, Kera.  They're Equestrians at heart and—"

	"So what?!"  Kera stomped her hooves.  "They don't know how awesome you are!  They haven't had their skin saved ten times over by you in the past!"

	"Kera—"

	"They haven't survived dragons and chaos creeps and Xonans and zombies with you!" Kera's voice cracked.  "And you're gonna ditch us just to cuddle up with them?!"

	"You think I like making this decision?!"

	"Then don't do it!" Kera barked.  "You're awesome!  You can do whatever you want!"

	"Kera, I'm dying.  Don't you get it?"

	"And don't you?!"  Kera frowned even harder.  "When has that ever stopped you?  When in your entire friggin' life has that stopped you from chasing the sun and going the distance?!"

	Rainbow was suddenly speechless.

	Kera took a shuddering breath.  "I know you care about these guys.  They mean a lot to you.  But—like—more than Belle and Pilate?!  More than Eagle Eye and Josho and Propsy and Zaid and Ebon and Floydien?!"  She gulped.  "More than me?"

	"You... guys mean everything to me, Kera," Rainbow stammered.  "You... you know that..."

	Kera hung her head again.  She muttered bitterly, "I once made a decision to stay someplace and leave you guys.  I thought it was the right thing to do.  I thought it was best for everypony.  But I was wrong."

	"Oh Kera..."

	"I should have made a decision based on my heart.  And look where it got me!"

	Rainbow reached in and scooped Kera towards her in a hug.  "It's... it's not the same, Kera.  Don't think like that..."

	"Isn't it, though?"  Kera buried her face in Rainbow's chest.  "You belong here, Rainbow Dash.  You belong with your family."

	"Kera, I... I-I just can't stick around forever," Rainbow stammered.  "I'm in a race where I cannot win."

	"And since when did that st-stop you?"  Kera looked up with wet eyes.  "I thought you hated losing."

	"I know, it's j-just that..."  Rainbow blinked awkwardly in mid speech.  She held Kera closer as she gazed off towards the western horizon.  "... I-I suppose I gave up that hate."  She gulped.  "I gave it up for ignorance.  I knew my lease would be up eventually.  I chose to keep on flying anyways.  But you gotta understand, Kera.  That's not a triumph.  That's—"

	"You're alive, Rainbow," Kera said.  "You're all that's left of your friends, your home.  And yet you've carried it all this far."  Kera sniffled.  "Isn't that triumphant enough?"

	Rainbow's eyes narrowed.  "You're something bigger than the legacy of Lerris, kid.  Don't you ever think different."

	Kera snarled, "And I intend to prove it.  Can you say the same?"

	Rainbow's ears folded.

	"Don't ever stop flying, Rainbow," Kera said.  "It's what makes you you."

	Rainbow breathed and breathed harder.  Her eyes moistened as she murmured, "I-I can't just leav