e these ponies."  She gulped.  "Not after what they've learned.  They need guidance.  They need answers..."

	"And is that your job to do?"

	"Of course, I have to—"

	"Is it something you can do?"

	Rainbow's muzzle hung open.  She eventually sighed.  "No."  A cold shudder.  "No, it's not..."

	Kera stared at her.

	Rainbow blinked.  Slowly, like a sunrise, a warm smile crept across her lips.  "But it's somepony else's..."  She grinned.  She beamed.  "Yeah..."  Her wings fluttered.  "Yeah..."  A giggle; a chuckle.  "No friggin' duh!  Why haven't I thought of it before?"

	Kera stuck her tongue out.  "'Cuz you're a damned idiot?"

	"And a lucky one!"  Rainbow spiraled up into the air, tossing Kera in her forelimbs.  "Woohoo!  Kera, you're the best foal this damned idiot could ever ask for!"

	"Uhhhhh..."  Kera winced into Rainbow's chest as the pegasus hugged her.  "You're welcome?  Also... ew?"



	At Second Light, Fawful stood with her muzzle agape.  She turned to glance back at the other Gray Feathers of Central D, all of which looked no less shocked.  She pivoted back to face Rainbow.  "You wish to do what?"

	"It's not something I wish to do," Rainbow said.  "It's something I'm going to do."  She unsheathed the Sword of Solstice from her saddlebag.  As the golden glow illuminated her face and the Durandanans around her, she held it out towards Fawful.  "Take it.  Keep it.  It was a gift from Princess Celestia to Commander Hurricane.  You already have at least one artifact of the Valkyrie's.  It's fitting you get the blade that matches that armor."

	"But... but..."  Fawful glanced at the sword, squirmed, and gawked at Rainbow Dash.  "Rainbow, your travels.  Surely you need this to speak with your rulers back home!"

	"I've got Luna's moon spell to do that," Rainbow said.  "And... heh... let's face it.  Havin' this sexy sword was a little too convenient.  Even a magical talking space elk can't top that."

	"But... but..."

	"Believe me, it ain't easy," Rainbow said.  "Not just giving this thing up, but the whole 'Austraeoh' business that defines me as well."  She looked at the elders who were gathered atop the platform.  "For so long, I've been trying to figure out if my life is something made from destiny or made from choice.  And I'm starting to think that maybe it's both.  It doesn't make sense to me that I'd be dying before I finish my travels, but it does make sense that this sword belongs to you..." She finally dropped it in Fawful's hooves.  "And so do the words of Princess Celestia.  You can't rightfully make a decision concerning the knowledge you've learned overnight.  Let Equestria's ruler guide you... slowly... faithfully... over time and at a pace that you deem fit."

	"And... your Princess agrees to this?" another elder asked.

	Rainbow nodded.  "I already had a long, long talk with her and Luna about it," she said.  "It's why I showed up so late today.  They think it's poetic justice at it's finest.  I couldn't agree more."  She bore a bittersweet grin.  "Face it.  As awesome as this place is, I really don't belong here."  She shook her head.  "I'm a different kind of awesome.  And if I stuck around... I-I just wouldn't be home."

	"Then just what is your home, Rainbow?" Fawful asked.

	"Something I gave up a long, long time ago," Rainbow said.  She gulped.  "My crew... my family needs me, even if for just a little while longer.  Dying or not, I'll take each sunrise as it comes.  That's how I've always done it, and I wouldn't be myself if I didn't do that which I do best.  It's how I win at things, after all."

	Fawful nodded... then nodded again.  She held the sword close to her body.  "Since the first time we talked, I knew you were capable of great wisdom, though you hide it with great humility."

	"You're not too shabby yourself, babe," Rainbow said with a wink.

	She smiled, but another elder trotted up with a worried expression.  "I only wish it was this simple, outsider."

	"What do you mean?"

	"Since yesterday's conversation with your princes