 deep red murk wafted up to the water’s surface.

    Eagle Eye gasped while Ebon Mane grimaced.  Props held a hoof over her mouth and leaned against her uncle, squeaking internally.

    But, not long after…

    Splassssh!  A blurring body soared out of the water.  It ascended rapidly towards the Noble Jury on flapping blue wing.  Then, without hesitation, Rainbow Dash landed back on the plank.  Clank!  She dropped a bloody hatchet on side of the room.  Thud!  A sopping red, twitching luminescent lantern gland landed on the other side.

    “There…”  Rainbow Dash muttered, shaking the frigid droplets off her.  “Think that’ll… be enough to… warm us and our new guests… for a while, girl?”

    Props blinked back.  She then smiled.  “Okay whillikers!”  She flung the bloody organ over her backside and trotted gaily towards the engine room beyond the stairwell.  “This’ll only take a sec!  Thankies, Dashie!”

    The hangar hung in silence for a bit.

    And then…

    “Burn mah beard!”  Prowse grinned from pale ear to pale ear.  “Ah loch thes ship!”

    Zaid smirked while Ebon and Eagle exchanged glances.

    “Mrmmmf…”  Josho rolled his eyes and lurched out of the room.  “Don’t hold your breath…”

		//------------------------------//
		// Some Exposition For Your Tease		//------------------------------//

    Ebon laid a plate of lettuce onto the mess hall table before Elma.

    “Thank you,” said the snapping turtle with a beaked smile.  She took a liberal munch of the greens, gobbled it down, and closed her eyes.  “Mmmmm… it feels so good to bite into something that isn’t dried-out Alexian rations.”

    “Just how long were you both stuck there inside that crashed ship?” Ebon asked as he sat at the head of the table.

    “Oh, weeks… two months?  It’s hard to say.”  Elma bit onto some more lettuce and gulped it down.  “We spent most of the time inside.  We saw very little daylight on account of the cold.”

    “Pffft!”  Prowse gulped onto a wad of straws and pointed with a hook in the crook of his hoof.  “Mebbe ye waur braw wi' yer baltic bluid, Tankette, yer oversized hoofbaa!”  As he dug more into his plate of dried grass, Props sat by the stallion’s side, leaning in and nuzzling him with a contented smile.  “But Ah was warmin' mah anes wi' th' greatest ay aw split second inventions! A communications array 'at can operate at twintie percent efficiency!  An' Ah hud naethin' but thee bundles ay magical filament an' a worn it energy conduit tae bit!”

    “Sooooooo amazingles!”  Props squee’d, nuzzling her uncle harder.  “Leave it to you to take a nothing situation and turn it into somethingtastic!”

    Rainbow Dash squinted from where she hovered across the table.  “What I wanna know is how you got into a nothing situation to begin with.”

    Slam!  Prowse’s metal hoof slapped the table.  “It was those bludy pirates, Ah teel ye!  At a body point, me an' mah team waur cruisin' athwart th' Frizzen Seae aw calm loch, an' 'en th' next moment--WHAM--these gantin freaks in leaither armur board uir ship, strip us ay aw th' Alexian tech, an' threaten tae seel us tae a boorichie ay strangers!”

    “Uhhhhh…”  Eagle Eye turned to glance at the others in the room.  “All I got from that were ‘pirates’ and ‘strangers.’”

    “Hey, Blondie.”  Josho craned his neck to see the mare at Prowse’s side.  “Care to translate?  None of us can speak muzzle oatmealese.”

    “Maybe I can help in that department,” Elma Boreal said, raising a scaled hand.  “Ahem, what the good Professor is trying to say in his usual eloquence is that our ship was hijacked by pirates who then tried to sell us.”

    “Sell you?”  Rainbow blinked.  “To who?”

    “They… uh… they didn’t say.”  Elma fidgeted, her shell rattling slightly.  “They weren’t exactly the friendly type.”

    “Which gart it aw th' easier fur me tae blaw burnin' metal