ses, there's been a great deal of anxiety and worrisome debate among the Towers."

	"In what way?"

	"Despite the Gray Feathers' insistence, there's a small group of Durandanans who feel passionately about seeing the world beyond the Greens.  Though we're certain they haven't turned their backs on the scrolls, we fear that they will not be at rest until they see for themselves the world that your rulers have spoken of."

	"Like..." Rainbow leaned her head to the side.  "They wanna ditch this place?"

	"Whatever they want, they will still be stuck here," another elder said.  "We simply do not have the means of leaving this basin.  Only you and your fellow outsiders have the technology to depart."

	Fawful spoke up, "Rainbow, not to put a great burden on you, but I fear for Durandana's future."  She gulped.  "It may be a small group now, but if other youths catch wind of the passion that these gusters have, then what may have started as an intense curiosity could turn into an unsettling rebellion."

	"Haven't you considered giving them the freedom to—y'know—leave this place?"

	"Don't you understand?!" an elder exclaimed.  "We don't even know how!  Nopony does!"

	To that, Rainbow smirked devilishly.  "Well, you're in luck.  Because I can totally show you how..."
		//------------------------------//
		// Your Fast Dash to Soarin'		//------------------------------//

	Roarke trotted through the jungle until she had a break in the forest's ceiling.  She tilted her head up, her eye-lenses focusing on a cluster of clouds above.  Several winged figures were congregating around the wisps of moisture, and one prismatic pony in particular was zipping speedily through the mess, causing the clouds to cluster tighter and thicker together.

	With flaring nostrils, Roarke muttered something to herself, turned her back to the scene, and marched to where her experimental weapons lay in wait.



	"Yah!  Haah!  Zaat!  And loop the loop around and—"  Rainbow came down from one last spiraling glide and kicked a final cluster of mists into the main cloud gathered before her.  "—yeah!"  Panting, she nestled down atop one cloud, sitting with a smug face.  "What'd I tell you?"

	"I dunno..."  Kitsune folded her forelimbs from where she hovered alongside Sivrem.  "Felt like more than ten seconds to me."

	"Pffft.  That's not the point."  Rainbow rolled her eyes, then pointed at the large cloud again.  "Do you see this or don't ya?"

	"Indeed we do."  Sivrem smiled.  "It's a cloud."

	"Not just any cloud... but one that I've compacted using pegasus weather flying skills!"  Rainbow smirked at the First-Borns.  "You do know how to weather fly, don't you?"

	"Uhhhhhhhhhhhhh..."

	"Didn't think so."  Rainbow reclined on her side, pressing her hoof into a plushy cloud.  "You ever sit on a cloud before, dude?"

	"Absolutely."  Sivrem nodded.  "Plenty of times."

	"Yes, all Durandanans can," Kitsune remarked.  "Even from a sparrow's age.  We've always considered it a gift from the Valkyrie."

	"But we can't sit on a cloud for too long," Sivrem said.  "Eventually, the mists dissipate, carried off beyond the greens."

	"Is that so?"  Rainbow gestured at the cloud.  "Try flying through it now."

	Sivrem simply squinted at her.

	"Come on!"  Rainbow grinned brightly.  "Do it!"

	"Hrmmm..."  Sivrem cracked his neck joints as he flapped his wings harder.  "Hate to mess up your hard work."

	"Don't worry."  Rainbow yawned.  "You won't."

	"Hrnnnnngh...!"  Sivrem backflipped, picked up speed, and hurled himself at the cloud.

	"Errrr..."  Rainbow was already wincing.  "Maybe not quite so fast—!"

	WHAM!  Sivrem's body pinballed off the cloud like it was a solid brick wall.

	"Sivrem!" Kitsune gasped.  In a blink, her body had darted down below in time to catch his dizzied figure.  "Are you alright?!"

	"Guhhhhh..."  Sivrem's eyes rolled until he shook the cobwebs clear.  "Feather my insides!"  He rubbed his head as he glanced up at the cloud.  "Been a long time since I've been whalloped that h