ard."

	"Heh..."  Kitsune smirked.  "Like that last fight you had with Drenner before he became a Gray-Feather."

	"Rainbow, care to explain?"  Sivrem hovered upright, squinting at the cloud.  "I've never seen a cloud stay put like that before."

	"Because you've never compacted it with weather flying skills before!"  Rainbow said with a proud smirk.  "And—for your information—it doesn't have to 'stay put.'"

	"Huh?"

	"This is the kind of stuff that cities like Cloudsdale and Las Pegasus are made out of!"  Rainbow Dash said.  "Pegasopolis was the same thing.  You see..."  Rainbow trotted briskly across the cloud top.  "...Harmony empowers the pegasus body to walk on clouds—as well as manipulate the weather.  If I wanted, I could turn this into a thunderstorm, make it produce lightning, and even generate hail!"  She turned about and winked.  "And, no, it's not because I'm related to the Valkyrie or some noise.  Every pegasus can do this.  All it takes is knowing how nature works and learning how to bend the rules... just a teeeeeeeny bit."

	"Then how come we've never been able to do it before?" Kitsune said.

	"Probably because you were never taught the tools of the trade," Rainbow explained.  "All you've known or cared about these past few millennia is looking after the scrolls of Duranda.  That's all good n'all, but—at the same time—the ability to fly your sexy flanks out of here has been hiding right under your muzzles!"  Rainbow blinked.  "Or, y'know, above them."  She giggled.

	"So... what you're saying..."  Sivrem pointed, fumbling for words.  "...is that this cloud can take us out of the basin?"

	"You wanna find out for yourself?"

	"Uhhhh... when?"

	Rainbow's ruby eyes lit up.  "Now."



	"Color wheel boomer is certain Floydien shouldn't follow her mist glimmer?" the elk asked from the starboard side of the hovering Jury.  "To protect from gravity's spit?"

	"If you wanna have Eagle keep his snazzy eye on us, that's fine, Floydien," Rainbow said as she stood on the cloud drifting slowly past West D's tower.  "But, if I'm gonna prove that this thing can work, it's gotta work on its own ya feel me?"

	"Hrmmf..."  Floydien's nostrils flared.  "If the boomer insists."  He turned and trotted inside the Jury's cockpit.  "Floydien will think up a touching eulogy."

	"Yeah.  That may not be such a bad idea."  Rainbow gulped.  "Generally speaking, I mean."  She nevertheless threw on a happy smile and turned towards her winged partners.  "We all ready to go?"

	"Just about."  Sivrem turned about from where he stood atop the bulky cloud.  "Smythe!  Jagold!  Hurry it up!"

	"Yeah!" Rayvinne chirped, hovering alongside Kitsune.  "Let's gust already!"

	"We're c-coming!"  Jagold glided down, but stopped just inches from the crowd.  "Mmmmmm..."  She whimpered to herself, squirming at the sight of the coagulated mists.  "Is... is it g-gonna hurt me?"

	"Come on, girl!"  Smythe swatted her on the back with his wing.  "Every gull knows you like it fluffy!"

	"Aack!"  Jagold landed, sprawled across the cloudbed.  She blinked, her ears perking up.  "Hey!  It is fluffy!"

	"Story of my life," Rayvinne droned.  She turned towards Rainbow Dash.  "So, you 'built' this yourself, huh?"

	"Yup!"  Rainbow nodded.  "And for the return trip, I'm gonna show you how to build you your own!"

	"That's assuming we don't get dashed to meaty ribbons across the mountaintops," Rayvinne said.

	"Hey.  You volunteered to come along."

	"Mmmmhmmm..."  Rayvinne's eyes went thin above a warm smile.  "And I can't think of another pony whose arms I'd rather die in."

	"Uhhhhhhhhhhhh huh..."  Rainbow pivoted about.  "On that note, we ready to go or what?"

	Sivrem opened his mouth—

	"Not quite yet."

	Everypony turned and looked up.

	"Jerrio...?"  Kitsune blinked akwardly.

	The First-Born in question touched down with a canvas bag bulging with items.  "There's no telling how long this venture will take," he said, settling down on the cloud.  "We're going to need food and water 