 Damnable Duo Plus One Jackass.'"

	"Hey!"  Zaid frowned at the fat stallion.  "I provided charisma!"

	"I bet you provided plenty of urine too, from how much you flew."

	"Meh.  At that height, it would have frozen as it came out.  I know.  This one time, I tried taking a leak off the side of Khao's skystone ship."  He shivered.  "Last time I drank applejuice over a mile high."

	Props giggled.

	"Say..."  Ebon spoke up.  "Just where is Roarke, anyway?"

	Belle sighed.  "I wish I could say.  Just a day or two ago, she was opening up.  We actually got the chance to talk about things like normal friends."

	"Then what happened?" Ebon asked.

	"I... I'm not certain."

	"I'm sure it had nothing to do with Blondie commandeering Roarke's only piece of moving property!" Zaid said with a grin.

	"Errrm..."  Props squirmed.  "I think I'll b-be sleeping with my wrench close beside me this month."

	"Would I make a good substitute?"

	"I dunno.  Can you twist a pipe loose with your teeth?"

	"Heeheehee!" Ebon giggled.

	Eagle turned to smirk at him.  "Having fun?"

	"Hmmm..."  Ebon smiled calmly, leaning his neck against Eagle's mane.  "Something like that..."

	Eagle reciprocated, nuzzling him gently.

	Kera smiled at the two, then tilted her head up to gaze proudly at the cloud floating slowly away.



	"There they go!" a pegasus shouted.

	Several Durandanans along the upper platforms of West D chirped and shrieked in an avian melody.

	Ice paused in mid-air, gathering the colts and fillies around them as they all whooped and cheered from the lower skies.

	Standing along a platform, several Gray Feathers watched in dead silence.  The younger ones with less-bleached manes stood on the very wooden edge, chewing on their lips as they struggled with mute anticipation.

	Fawful hovered slightly above them.  She glanced down at her fellow elders, then looked up at the cloud as it began to pass over the mountains of the southern crater.  She closed her eyes and murmured a whispery prayer.

	"Righteous Valkyrie, may your Light shine favorably on your First-Borns."  She took a shuddering breath, a tear or two clinging to her lashes.  "...as well as Rainbow Dash."
		//------------------------------//
		// Legend of the Marenificent Seven		//------------------------------//

	"This isn't going to work..."  Smythe trembled, clinging to his side of the cloud as winds along the mountain peaks began picking up.  "This isn't going to work.  This isn't going to work!"

	"Hey!  Sivrem!"  Rainbow hollered back as she guided the misty bed upwards and into the tempestuous currents.  "You or one of the other First-Borns tell him to put a sock in it!"

	"Erm..."  Sivrem's brow furrowed.  "I feel ya, Rainbow, but what's a sock?"

	"Holy crud."  Rainbow chuckled dryly.  "We have got to get you out of this crater!"

	"I share Smythe's concerns!" Kitsune spoke up.  "You certain we can manage the winds?"

	"Girl, we're pegasi," Rainbow said.  "We are the winds!"

	"But wh-what good is a cloud against a bunch of heavy gales?!" Smythe stammered.

	"Equestrian pegasi have been building cloud structures that can resist natural typhoons for centuries, Smythe!"  Rainbow glanced back briefly.  "This isn't some crazy trick that I learned on a whim!  This is eons of history being put to the test!"

	Jagold gulped.  "I-I just wish it wasn't such a fr-freaky scary test!"

	"Calm yourselves, gulls," Jerrio grunted.  "Rainbow Dash, is there a method to this madness?"

	"Things are about to get really bumpy really quick!" Rainbow exclaimed.  "The key thing is to keep the bottom of the cloud facing the winds and taking the brunt of the air currents being thrown at us!  I promise you that it won't dissipate like any normal cloud!  I've compacted this thing tight!  It'll act like a surfboard going over a wave!"

	"Surfboard?"

	"Wave?"

	"Look—just flap your wings when I tell you to!  We gotta keep this thing at just the right angle, or else we'll be knocked back to the basin like loose coconuts!