reaking apart!" Kitsune stammered.

	"That's... all... p-part of the plan!" Rainbow hissed.  She glanced outward.  Through thin eyes, she caught treetops and a glinting sun.  "On my mark, everypony jump off and fly!"

	"But... b-but...!"

	"We'll be slowed down enough to make it work!  Trust me!"

	"Listen to her, gulls!" Sivrem shouted.

	"Get ready..."  Rainbow hissed above the sound of howling winds.  "Get set..."  A deep breath.  "Now!"

	Rayvinne and Jagold lunged forward.

	Kitsune and Sivrem flapped their wings.

	Jerrio carried a breathless Smythe as they flew off the cloud.

	At last, Rainbow dove after them.  She flapped her wings, gliding southward with the greatest of ease.

	Soon, all seven ponies hovered together in a flock.  They turned and looked behind them, watching as the cloud plummeted, elongated, turned into a translucent cyclone for the space of three seconds, then dissipated into nothing.

	"Whoah..."  Rayvinne murmured, panting for breath.  "Did we actually ride that thing?"

	"And how, girl."  Sivrem said with a flushed grin.

	"Uhhhhh..."  Jagold blinked from where she hovered.  "Guys?  It's not so crazy windy anymore!"

	"There's a reason for that," Rainbow said with a smile.  She pointed straight up.  "Look."

	All six Durandanans turned and stared up... up... up.  A veritable wall of rock towered above them, scraping the sky with their lacerated peaks.  Kitsune gasped, her hooves clamped over her muzzle.  Jerrio and Smythe stared in dumbfounded shock, their mouths agape.

	"We..."  Sivrem blinked.  "We scaled the walls..."

	"I know it was a wild ride," Rainbow said, wiping the sweat off her brow.  She smiled.  "But the bigger the cloud beds are, the less crazy, because they can withstand the punishment better, ya feel me?"  She caught her breath and continued, "Just imagine how easy it'd be to scale the Sky stabs if you had forty Durandanans making the cloud bed instead of just—y'know—one."

	"Then..."  Rayvinne gulped.  "Then this means..."

	Rainbow Dash pivoted about and pointed in the opposite direction.  "Check it out, guys..."

	The six pegasi twirled about.  They immediately gasped.

	A sloping valley chock full with fir trees stretched as far as the eye could see.  Glistening lakes ran south, snaking their way into a large body of water flanked by waterfalls and verdant cliffsides.  In the far distance, the forest broke briefly, exposing patches of golden farmland nestled between emerald green canopies.

	"Valkyrie's shout..." Kitsune stammered.

	Sivrem stared intently, his eyes glazed.

	Jerrio blinked several times, practically hugging Smythe at this point.

	"There's..."  Rayvinne murmured.  "...there's just so much of it."

	"Have you ever seen so much water?" Smythe remarked.

	"There are no mists... or mountains," Jagold said.  "You can see forever."

	Jerrio felt something stabbing his eyes.  He looked straight up, having to squint.  An unimpeded orb of golden light hovered at the top of the sky, illuminating anything and everything.

	"Even the Lights From Above do not hide here," Kitsune managed.

	"You think it looks big now?"  Rainbow slowly shook her head.  "You have no idea."

	Jagold bit her lip, her eyes glistening with tears. She turned towards Rayvinne and squeaked inwardly with a girlish smile.

	"Those... those fields," Sivrem said, pointing to the patch of farmland.  "It appears to have... structures of some sort."  He glanced aside at Rainbow.  "Who or what lives there."

	"I have no friggin' clue."  Rainbow gave them a bright grin, then motioned with her head.  "Come on.  Let's find out!"



	Several foals ran down a small town's main street while a group of earth ponies unloaded a wagon's worth of wares in front of a thrift store.

	"Nnngh!"  One stallion sweated and rubbed his brow.  "Guh... you th-think Green Holler's gonna want to buy a rusty old plow?"

	"Pffft.  He'd better," the other said.  "If nothing else, he can get Smoke Trails to smelt this thing down."

	"And turn it 