into what?  Teeth fillings?  Face it, Bronze.  This crud is useless.  Why are we wasting our time?"

	"You'd rather spend the day removing the stump from Granny's yard?"

	"Ennnngh..."

	"Look, we at least gotta try."  One stallion smiled to another.  "We need the money!  And it's not like anything special is just going to come falling from the sky—"

	Plop!  Rainbow Dash landed on the store's wooden porch right in front of them.  "Hello hello!"

	"Gaaah!" both stallions fell back in the dirt, hugging each other.

	Several ponies rushed out of the store fronts, gasping.

	One by one, the other six pegasi landed, coiling their wings at their side.  They pivoted, looking all around and blinking.

	The two stallions stood up, gawking at the feathery group.

	Jagold and Smythe fidgeted.

	Curious mares gazed from nearby alleyways, clinging to each other apprehensively.

	Rainbow cleared her throat, then trotted into the center of the street.  "Uhhhh... hey, everypony!"  She waved a bright blue hoof.  "What's up?"

	An old stallion trotted up, squinting.  "You are, apparently."

	Rainbow giggled.  "Ain't that the truth..."

	"Uhm... Bronze?" one stallion murmured to the other.  "Did I drink too much moonshine last night, or are a bunch of winged ponies standing in the middle of our town?"

	The other gulped.  "I-I think I had one too many sips myself..."

	Sivrem turned about, his bird bone necklace rattling.  He saw the old stallion who had trotted up.  He spotted a metal "star" adorning the earth pony's leather vest.  "Hrmmm... Valkyrie Silver."

	"I beg your pardon?"

	Sivrem smiled proudly.  "The Valkyrie's Light shines upon you!"  He trotted forward and stretched his wings out.  "Tell me, what is this place called?"

	The earth ponies simply stared at him.

	Sivrem blinked.  He let loose a falcon shriek, causing several of the ponies to jolt.  Turning, he got Jerrio's attention.  "Psssst!"  He whistled, chirped.  "Jerrio!  The bag!"

	"Huh?"  Jerrio glanced down at his satchel.  "Oh... uhm..."  He reached a hoof in, grabbed the first thing he saw, and tossed it Sivrem's way.

	Sivrem caught a stack of bananas with his wings, twirled gracefully, and held it out before the old stallion in his strong wingfeathers.  "An offering.  Hmmm?"

	The stallion raised an eyebrow.  He grasped the bananas, then examined him in his grasp.  A bunch of villagers galloped up, crowding around the sheriff as they gazed and gawked at the fruit.

	"Are th-those real?"

	"No way!"

	"But the eastern trade doesn't come by here this time of year!"

	"I can't believe what I'm saying..."

	"Ahem..."  The sheriff glanced back up.  "Son, do you mind explaining to me just where in the hay you stumbled upon bananas this side of the world?"

	"Why, are they of value to you?"

	"Fruit of this kind sells for a high price in the valley," the earth pony said.  "I'd say they're about as rare a sight as those wings you're sporting."

	"I p-picked them myself!" Jagold said.

	"Huh?"

	"Eeep!"  Jagold hid behind Kitsune while the First-Born rolled her eyes.

	"Nnnngh..."  The sheriff rubbed his brow.  "I'm getting too old for this."  He squinted at the lead pegasus.  "Just where in the heck are you all from, anyways?"

	"Hmmm..."  Sivrem turned, glancing at the epic sight of the southern Sky Stabs to the north.  "I suppose..."  He turned and smiled proudly.  "I suppose you could say that we're your next door neighbors."

	The townsfolk chattered in awe.  Slowly, fearlessly, they slipped out of hiding and congregated around the seven visitors.  Mares trotted up, grinning as they began asking questions of Kitsune and Jagold.

	Smythe blushed while a few teenage equines began poking and prodding curiously at his wings.

	Rayvinne waggled her eyes at a few red-faced stallions before trotting up to join Sivrem in his conversation with the town sheriff.

	All the while, Rainbow Dash hovered at a humble altitude.  She glanced across the suddenly bustling village.  At last, she spotted Jerr