io.

	The First-Born fidgeted as a veritable flood of foals encircled him like adoracute sharks.  They tugged at his dyed tail hairs and giggled, asking a flood of questions.  A filly or two smiled as they nuzzled his fetlocks.

	He gawked at them all, shivering slightly.  His head raised and he made eye contact with Rainbow Dash.

	Rainbow simply smiled.

	With a calm breath, Jerrio finally relaxed.  He reached into his satchel and hoofed out a few apples.  The foals clamored for them, shrieking and laughing amongst each other before taking hearty bites of the delicious fruit.

	Rainbow giggled breathily.  Flapping her wings, she lifted up, flying a low orbit around the town as she left the Durandanans alone for a space in time.
		//------------------------------//
		// From First Light to Last		//------------------------------//

	Most Gray-Feathers sat quietly on the upper platforms of West D.  Some paced in tense little circles.  Whatever the case, the atmosphere had become decently tense by the time the seven pegasi returned.  Fawful was one of the first to see them.  Upon hearing the loud osprey shriek of a First-Born, she turned and tilted her head up, shading her eyes as she gazed at the southern mountain tops.

	Seven shapes pierced the mists, rapidly descending under a dissipating vortex of clouds.  Rainbow Dash's bright colors stood out in the evening glow.  However, she pulled back, hovering in place while the six Durandanans descended past her.

	Sivrem arrived first.  Several Gray-Feathers gathered around, eyeing the heavy weight of his precarious landing.  As soon as he coiled his wing feathers, they saw an immense satchel hanging from his muzzle.  Without saying a word, the First-Born reached deep into the bag, pulled out something slender, and tossed it before the Gray-Feathers' hooves.

	The elders stammered nervously.  One old stallion finally picked the object up, squinting at its leafy green exterior and its dense yellow core.  "What... is this?"

	"It's called corn, elder," Sivrem said.  "One of the tastiest things I've ever enjoyed in my life."  He turned towards other Gray-Feathers and pulled something else out of the bag.  "And this..."  He grunted, having to use two forelimbs to roll the large object onto the wooden platform.  "...is a watermelon."

	An elder mare murmured, "Have you seen anything so big?"

	"Yes, I have."  Sivrem smirked.  "Pumpkins.  And don't get me started on the metal tools they build in something called a forge.  Or the clothes they make out of 'wool,' body hair lent from the western territories."

	Fawful leaned forward, squinting.  "Sivrem, who are 'they?'"

	The First-Born grinned.  "The ponies of Sandstone.  Our neighbors to the south."  He turned and glanced at the other equines.  "There's an entire village of them.  And roadways built towards other villages beyond the forests and lakes."

	"Lakes?" another elder remarked.

	Kitsune trotted up and nodded.  "There's a whole world out there, elder.  A world that can be ours to explore.  Rainbow Dash showed us how.  We can show others."

	Sivrem gestured.  "And we can get more of these amazing things, so long as we trade for them."

	"Trade what?"

	"Bananas.  Apples.  The glorious bounty that the Valkyrie has blessed us with here!"  Sivrem smiled.  Then he chuckled.  "I'm guessing these Sandstone ponies have never drank milk before, much less something as glorious as what we all get from the leatherbacks."

	The elders stared at one another, murmuring in deep thought.

	Jerrio touched down behind the other two.  He shuddered slightly.

	Fawful saw it.  "Jerrio?" she asked.  "Was there something you wish to say?"

	Jerrio took a deep breath.  "There is, elder."  Everypony went silent as he gulped and said, "The ponies of Sand Stone are... without a doubt... some of the n-nicest and friendliest souls that I've met."

	Kitsune and Sivrem exchanged smiles.

	Jerrio stared at the thick line of elders standing before him.  "We can only benefit from establishing a relationship wi