th them.  I'm certain that they have many things to teach us.  And no doubt we can share with them the blissful legacy of the Valkyrie."

	The commotion reached a new pitch, warm and charismatic.

	Fawful blinked.  She glanced up at Rainbow Dash.

	The whole time, Rainbow hovered with her forelimbs folded.  She had a knowing smirk on her face, and her eyes remained affixed to Fawful.

	The mare blinked, and she smiled, her cheeks turning rosy.



	"It is settled, then?" Celestia's voice echoed across the topmost chamber of Central D.

	"Yes, Princess," an elder said as he paced across the crowded compartment.  Several Durandanans watched and listened intently.  "Your presence shall be kept here at the request of Rainbow Dash.  You will be a guest of the Valkyrie's flock, much like Rainbow and her fellow outsiders have been."

	"That sounds perfectly reasonable to me."

	"We understand that you are very busy with royal duties over in Equestria—"

	"I shall always find time to heed your words and give you the advice that you seek," Celestia's voice said.  "Even if you may not be our royal subjects, you are nonetheless kindred spirits, and you deserve every gift of Harmony that I have to bestow."

	Another elder spoke up.  "If it's true that you and your sister live exceedingly long lives, then I suspect that your longevity shall be put to the test.  Durandana sits on the precipice of unfathomable change.  We Gray-Feathers are used to dealing with the scrolls of the past, not so much the mysteries of the future."

	"We are prepared to assist you for as long as it takes," Celestia said.  "If you have a question for us... or our grandfoals' grandfoals, we will gladly answer them to the best of our ability.  You shall not be alone in this."

	Luna's voice spoke up.  "And it will not just be us.  Already, we have established a royal council of Equestrian hearts and minds to bestow you a boundless bank of knowledge.  The esteemed pegasi of Cloudsdale shall be eager to teach you knew manners of weather control.  What's more, the earth ponies of Ponyville will be more than happy to lend you advice in planting and growing crops of all kinds."

	"And our finest unicorn delegates will be more than happy to provide consultation on diplomacy," Celestia said in a pleasant tone.  "Should you need it."

	Fawful smiled and spoke up.  "Humbly speaking, we very well might.  Although..."  She pivoted about and glanced up.  "...we have learned quite a bit already from Rainbow Dash's example."

	"Awwwww shucks..."  Rainbow waved a forelimb from where she hovered.  "I only did what any other chaos-cursed east-throttling sunrise pony with a loyalty pendant around her scrawny neck woulda done."

	"Rainbow Dash, please..."  Fawful squirmed where she stood.  "It... it doesn't take skills in empathy to realize how hard it must be to give up something like this..."

	"Hey!  We've been over this!"  Rainbow Dash touched down, eyeing her reflection in the blade's golden surface.  "I've got Princess Luna's spell connecting us through-and-through!  Sword or no sword, I'll still be able to chat with her once a month!  Ain't that right, Moonbutt?"

	"... ... ...indubitably."

	"Heehee!"  Rainbow smiled.  "Face it.  The sword's yours.  It's always been yours.  From the moment it was entombed alongside Commander Hurricane, history had made its decision.  Besides... I've already gotten out of it what I needed to."

	"It's strange to realize that it was your tool of salvation inside Stratopolis," Fawful said.

	"What got me out of Stratopolis was a bunch of different things," Rainbow Dash said.  "Most of which wait for me back in the Jury.  My friends."  She smiled.  "So long as I have them, I'm golden."

	"And how long do you intend to have them, Rainbow Dash?" Fawful quietly asked.

	Rainbow took a deep breath.  One s-sunrise at a time, Fawful," she murmured.  A bittersweet smile as she shivered slightly.  "That's how I've always dealt with things, and that's how I intend to keep doing it."

	Fawful bit her l