ip while her eyes grew misty.

	"Look, girl, you haven't been a Gray-Feather for long," Rainbow muttered.  "It won't be a crime to—"

	Fawful lunged forward and wrapped her forelimbs around Rainbow's neck.  She hugged the pegasus deeply, sniffling.  "Valkyrie's Light be upon you, Rainbow Dash.  I trust that she will give you peace.  A part of me is sad... and selfishly regretful... that she hasn't decided to give you such serenity here."

	"Hey hey..."  Rainbow patted Fawful's shoulder and pushed the two of them apart so that they were gazing at each other.  "Face it.  I've never been all that big on 'serenity.'  If that was Hurricane's groove up until the bitter end, then good for her.  She's got a lot of gulls to be proud of, after all."  Rainbow Dash nuzzled Fawful and stepped back.  "But there ain't no room in this crater for more two Austraeohs.  The Valkyrie's got it goin' on, and this girl knows when it's time to take flight."

	"Still..."  Fawful swallowed a lump down her throat and smiled gently.  "It has been a righteous honor..."

	"Whew... if I had a bit for every time I heard that."  A few elders chuckled as Rainbow Dash pivoted around.  "The sword is yours, guys!  So long as you don't use it for chopping branches, de-clawing leatherbacks, or dicing up fish berries, then I think we're golden!  And so's the sword.  Heh."

	"Rainbow Dash, you have done a marvelous job here," Celestia's voice said.  "I would tell you how proud I am, but I fear the time it would take would carry us well beyond sunset."

	"Hey.  My time in the spotlight in Durandana here is over."  Rainbow winked at the flickering gold metal of the blade.  "The stage is all yours, Princess.  Just make sure you don't... y'know... accidentally start a totalitarian fascist state or something."

	"'Totalitarian... fascist st-state?'" an elder muttered in total confusion.

	"See?!" Rainbow pointed with a grin.  "That's a good sign right there!"  She blinked.  "...I think."

	Luna's voice suddenly spoke up, "You are departing soon, then, Rainbow Dash?"

	Rainbow nodded, trotting closer to the sword.  "Yup.  As the natives would say, 'I gotta gust my eggshells out.'"

	Fawful giggled and rolled her eyes.

	"What?"  Rainbow turned, grinning wide.  "That's good enough, isn't it?  Sorry, girl!  You couldn't get me to gobble like a turkey even if you paid me!"

	"I trust your friends will be close by your side."

	Rainbow turned back to the blade.  She blinked.  "Why... yeah, Luna.  Why wouldn't they?"

	A pause.  Then, in a faintly melancholic tone:  "We wouldn't wish it any other way."

	Rainbow bit her lip.  Quietly, she stepped up to the Sword of Solstice.  "How long is it until the next full moon, Your Highness?"

	"We regret to inform you that one cycle culminated during your stay here in Durandana.  It will easily be a four week wait at the soonest."

	"Huh... is that so?"  Rainbow Dash chuckled breathily, though her ears folded back in a limp fashion.  "Guess time flies when you're... h-having fun..."

	"We certainly wish so, Rainbow Dash."

	Rainbow bit her lip, staring down at the wooden floor of the compartment.

	"Rainbow," Luna's voice softly echoed.  "We... I very much wish for you to know just how intensely proud I am of you.  Never doubt your talents for a single moment.  You are a shining beacon of Harmony, and your friends would jave been quite pleased—"

	"Luna..."  Rainbow stood so close to the blade that her breath fogged the golden surface.  "My friends are pleased with me."  She gulped, then smiled gently.  "Aren't you?"

	Silence.

	At last, Luna said, "Indeed."

	"See you next full moon?"

	Quiet.  Then, in a shuddering tone, "Most certainly.  The next full moon it is, Rainbow Dash."

	"Then it's a date."  Rainbow sniffled.  She then kissed her hoof and planted it against the shimmering gold surface.  "...stay awesome, MoonButt."





	"Duaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah..."  Zaid twitched and twitched, his legs buckling from underneath him.

	Jagold and Smythe blinked at