 intae their jobby eatin' grins!” Prowse belched.

    “Weeeee!”  Props pumped her hoof.  “Go Unky!”

    Elma sighed, bearing a weary smile.  “Yes, the Professor did force the pirates to shove off with his… penchant for explosions.  Ahem.  But before we were abandoned, the best I could make out from the pirates is that they wanted to sell us to some mysterious group of wanderers who frequented the frozen wastes.”

    Josho glanced at Rainbow Dash.

    “Did… these strangers have a name?” Rainbow asked.

    “Well, I thought I heard something, but it didn’t make any sense,” Elma said.  “Some really silly, passive name, like the ‘lucky’ or the ‘luxury.’”

    “The Lounge,” Eagle asked.

    Elma blinked at him.  “Why… yes.  That sounds about right.”

    Rainbow Dash took a deep breath.  “We’ve heard of them before.”

    “You have?”

    “They don’t exactly sound like nice ponies…”  Rainbow fidgeted in midair.  “Assuming they are ponies.”

    “When you first arrived, we were kind of scared that maybe you were the Lounge, having come to excavate us from the ice!” Elma said.  “Why any group of shady characters would want to get their claws, hooves, or whatever on us is beyond me.”

    “Ach!  Ah ken exactly th' reason wa!”  Prowse spat.  “They're efter uir knowledge ay th' secrit lain ay opportunity!”

    Props gasped.  “You mean Zadubadabu!”

    “Unnnngh…”  Josho rolled his eyes and stormed out of the mess hall.  “Here we go…”

    “Sure!”  Prowse barked after the obese stallion.  “Ye can caa it mince if ye want!  But it's real, Ah teel ye! It's it haur in th' Frizzen Sea! It's what's causin' th' damned Strip ay Flurries! See 'at it isnae!”

    “Do you mean you almost found it?!” Props stammered.

    “If I may interject…”  Elma frowned slightly.  “This expedition into the arctic waters was meant to map out the edge of the Strip of Flurries in order to assist other maritime vessels in avoiding the turbulent waves to begin with!  It was the Professor here who insisted on turning this into some sort of maniacal archaeological pursuit of some nonexistent temple!”

    “If ye didne sass me at every turn, mebbe we'd hae gart some progress by noo, Tankette!”

    “Say, I’ve been meaning to ask…”  Props looked up with a scrunched muzzle.  “Why’s she calling you Professor this whole time?  I thought you gave up engineering school to work the shop at Gray Smoke!”

    Elma gasped, eyes wide.  “You mean you’re not even a Professor?”

    “Sure Ah am!”  Prowse grinned a bearded grin.  “Professur ay kickin' th' world's crease wi' mah mental metal meddle!”

    “Unnnngh…” Elma gripped her head with two trembling hands.  “What’s my life coming to…?”

    Eagle Eye gulped.  “Seems like the expedition was hijacked by more than just pirates…”

    “Ay!”  Prowse frowned at him.  “We waur makin' foo progress until th' bludy pirates cam alang!  So keep yer wee purple beak it ay thes, jobby jabber!”

    Eagle raised a hoof, lingered, fidgeted, and muttered, “I can’t tell whether or not to feel insulted or confused.”

    “Well I’m feeling randy,” Zaid said. Whap!  “Oww!”

    Rainbow lowered her hoof and faced the table again.  “Well, you’re welcome to stay on board where it’s safe.  We’ve got a skystone ship.  We should be able to outrun any pirates.”

    “I would hope so,” Elma said with a nod.  “The only vessels that bother to streak through these clouds are the ones powered by skystone.”

    “Well, you’re in luck!”  Props grinned wide.  “Nancy Jane’s womb is powered by the stuff!  And all of it super shiny and glowy!”

    “Ach!”  Prowse smirked, munching on hay as he ruffled the mare’s golden mane.  “Mmmmfff… Noo there's a bonnie lassie, takin' efter yer uncle wi' th' grease bawbag genes!”

    ‘Heeeeeeeeee I’m the bawbaggies