"Pffft."  Rayvinne rolled her eyes and giggled.  "Suit yourself, chief."  She trotted off with a flounce to her feathers.  "I swear, is there something in this ship's water?"

	"Yeah.  It's called cynicism," Josho grumbled.  "I down two cups of it a night before going to bed."  He cracked his neck joints, sighed, then glanced aside.  He caught a pair of red eyes staring at him.  "What are you looking at, Space Elk?"

	Floydien grunted, "Rotund boomer is sad in the sad sack."

	"Yeah... well..."  Josho waddled off, grumbling.  "Go hump a manaconduit or something."

	"Nancy Jane does not like the chafe chafe."  Floydien glanced up at the sky, his eyes catching numerous Durandanans as they hovered in close proximity to the craft.  "Hrmmmm... will the winged boomers ever give Floydien and friends their space?"

	"Rest easy, Mr. Floydien," Pilate said as he and Belle trotted gently towards the bow of the ship.  "I suspect we'll be departing soon."

	Belle cleared her throat.  "Rainbow?  Darling, are we in the clear?"

	"Err... yeah!" Rainbow waved at them.  "Just about!"  She turned to directly face Kitsune and Sivrem.  "So... uh... you've already made plans, huh?"

	"Don't worry, Rainbow," Kitsune said with a smile.  "We're taking our time with it.  Still, assuming Luna's and Celestia's contacts at Cloudsdale can give us a way to write down the instructions, it'll probably be a month or two from now when we decide to make our first cloud-raft."

	"How many ponies are you going to string along for the trip?"

	"We're thinking eighty-five," Sivrem said.  He squinted.  "Is that... t-too ambitious?"

	"Whew..."  Rainbow grinned.  "It depends!  With that many ponies, you could probably make a permanent cloud base!"

	Kitsune blinked in awe.  "A... permanent base?"

	"Yeah, girl!  A city in the sky!"  Rainbow beamed.  "Like Cloudsdale!"

	"I... I-I wasn't aware we could do that."

	"Pfft.  You're pegasi.  You're awesome enough to do anything!"  Rainbow nudged Kitsune's shoulder and winked.  "Don't forget that."

	Kitsune smiled, blushing sweetly.  "Now I'm starting to understand what Rayvinne sees in you."

	"Guh!"  Rainbow rolled her eyes.  "I swear!  Does everypony know about her and me?"

	"Hey..."  Sivrem shrugged and chuckled.  "It's a small crater."  He gulped.  "At least it is now."

	"You'll deal," Rainbow said with a smirk.  "We all do.  Besides..."  She turned and glanced towards the stern of the Jury.  "...there's a whole bunch of stuff beyond... to explore."

	The tell-tale twin glints of Roarke's eye-lenses shimmered across the top deck.

	Rainbow blinked.

	Without saying a word, Roarke quietly turned around and trotted down the dark stairwell.

	Rainbow's lips pursed.  Suddenly, she heard a giggling sound, and she glanced in Kera's direction.

	Jerrio glided down to the Noble Jury's surface.  Kera was perched on his back, waving her forelimbs in the air and cheering.  The First-Born landed neatly beside Pilate and Belle.  He squatted low enough so that Kera could hop onto Belle's backside.

	"Thanks, Mr. Jerrio!"  Kera said with a devilish smirk.  "It's been a while since I got an air ride like that!  Heeheehee... Rainbow barely has time to do it anymore."

	"Yes, well, it seems as though Rainbow has done a lot for you, just as she has for all of us."  He stood up and stared Kera in the eyes.  "But, if you ask me, she's going to be needing your help from now on."

	"Yeah..."  Kera shuddered slightly.  "I-I know..."

	"It's nothing too strange," Jerrio said.  His eyes wandered across the deck, and for a brief moment he seemed to make eye contact with a certain petite pegasus.  "The Valkyrie had her friends, and Duranda wrote about it often.  You see... those of us who look and act the strongest actually need the most help.  Sometimes it takes a while to realize that."

	Kera smiled.  "I think I'm gonna miss this place."

	Jerrio breathed calmly and said, "I think I will too."  A pause.  He stretched a wing forward, clasped his teeth over the tips, and plucke