d one feather loose.  He rested the thing behind Kera's ear and patted her head.  "You have a spirit like unto the Valkyrie.  Trust in your elders, for they will someday depend on you as well."

	"Sure thing, Mr. Jerrio."

	Belle and Pilate smiled, leaning side by side.

	Rainbow Dash took a deep breath.

	"Rainbow?"

	She turned and blinked.

	"This place..." Sivrem's eyes narrowed.  "This... Val Roa... is it anything like Stratopolis or any of the challenges you've faced before."

	"Heh... come on, big guy..."  Rainbow smirked.  "If I could answer that, it'd spoil the fun."

	Sivrem merely blinked.

	"Ahem..."  Rainbow trotted closer and spoke in a quiet tone.  "I don't know what Val Roa has in store for my friends and I... or..."  She gulped.  "...or if I will even make it there. But that's not going to stop me from flying there anyways."

	"You could have had it so much more peaceful if you stayed here, Rainbow," Kitsune said.  "I'm sure your friends wouldn't have minded."

	Rainbow's nostrils flared.  "I would have," she said.  "Never—not even for one second—fail to push yourself beyond your limits.  Otherwise, you won't be living.  You'll just be drifting, and I've never been all that big of a fan of flying with the wind."  She smirked.  "Too boring."

	Sivrem and Kitsune exchanged glances.  They smiled, then turned back to Rainbow.  "Rainbow Dash," Kitsune said.  "We wanted to give you something before you left."

	"Is it a hug?"  Rainbow smirked.  "Cuz I think I gave all of mine to Fawful earlier in one heavy dose."

	"Don't you worry, girl," Rayvinne said, sneaking up suddenly from behind.  Smythe and Jagold stood next to her.  "This won't hurt one bit," the mare said with a wink.

	"Uhm..."  Rainbow gulped.  "What—?"  Then, to her surprise, all five pegasi were crouching low, their wings outstretched so that the feathertips barely touched her sky-blue coat.

	Sivrem spoke loudly, boldly.  "Most Righteous Valkyrie, with the glory contained within your Gold Lights, guide Rainbow's path beyond the greens.  Let the Lights From Above Shine on her forevermore, so that her legacy will live on—as yours does—in the hearts of ponies everywhere..."

	Although breathless, Rainbow felt like she should say something.  This thought was shattered the moment Jerrio suddenly joined in, crouching low with wings outstretched.

	"Our gusts will follow her from now until Windlessness," Jerrio said.  He looked up, his eyes moist above a proud smile.  "So promise the foals of the Valkyrie forever..."

	"From First-Born to Last," the six pegasi said in one accord, and it was only until the resounding echo had finished reverberating that Rainbow realized that every Durandana within earshot of the Jury had been chanting the same thing.

	Kera gazed in wonder.  Pilate smiled while Belle wiped her muzzle dry beside him.

	Rainbow glanced at them, then at the wings stretched towards her.  She smiled nervously and let loose the tiniest of giggles.  "Eheheh," her voice cracked.  "Play ball!"
		//------------------------------//
		// It's Not Easy Being Cheesy		//------------------------------//

	The Noble Jury flew east.

	It took minutes to clear the rest of the crater of Durandana.  East D was an intricate, spiraling marvel of wooden architecture.  Rainbow was amazed that she had never given herself the chance to lay her eyes on it before.  There was no telling what things, creatures, and sights were left to be seen in that misty crater.  Rainbow Dash briskly trotted below deck and didn't come out until the ship had cleared the Sky Stabs.

	The world transformed into something frighteningly brighter by the time the Jurists had cleared the crater.  With the mists and jagged topography gone, the continent appeared in all of its crystal clear glory.  The landscape stretched green and beautiful as far as the horizon could reach.  The air grew chillier, and the earth sloped down into sloping valleys dotted all over with fir trees and lush pine.

	Floydien never looked so awake.  Several 