crew members gave him double-glances, surprised at the bright luster in his eyes.  When questioned, the elk conveyed in so few words that he was at his best when allowed to "glide, free from glimmer shimmer."  Pilate sat by his side and the two discussed the finer mechanics of aeronautics for hours, until a melting sunset painted their healthy bodies amber.

	Ebon Mane had a feast prepared for this latest leg of their flight.  He sliced apart one whole cheese wheel for the occasion, which left Zaid an anxious, drooling mess.  Props dragged the stallion into the mess hall where they joined Bellesmith, Eagle Eye, and Josho in felicitous conversation.  Kera galloped all around, levitating Jerrio's feather over her head and pretending she was a pegasus.  There was no shortage of giggles and warm breaths.  As night poured darkness outside the portholes, the ship began to wind down as well.  Soon, Floydien switched on autopilot and came trotting downstairs along with Pilate to enjoy the meal Ebon had prepared.

	This was the scene that Rainbow Dash stumbled upon when she shuffled in from a nap in the observation room.



	She waited in the crook of the doorway to the infirmary, catching her breath.  Rainbow's teeth chattered loudly as she fought the last few waves of dizziness rocketing through her system.  Then, with several solid breaths, she stood straight, feeling the blood rushing to the far extremes of her body.  She flexed both forelimbs, and once she felt that she had completely recovered, she trotted bravely out into the hallway and marched into the mess hall beyond.

	"...never go back to eating any other kind of sandwiches!  I'm telling you!" Zaid rambled from where he sat at the long table, smiling.  "The Durandanans were good cooks and all, but they didn't have the culinary skills of Sailbooty here."  He pointed at the burgundy stallion hoofing sandwiches out one plate at a time.  "I'm telling you, our mouths are gonna implode with cheesy goodness!"

	"Jee, thanks, Zaid.  I'm flattered."  Ebon blinked.  "I think."

	"Heehee!"  Props giggled.  "No need for the preview, Zaidy Waidy!  I had some grilled cheese the other night, remember?"

	"Yeah.  But this one will have considerably less of my hairs in it."

	"Nnnnngh..."  Josho grumbled, eyes rolling.  "Must you ruin this before my colon does?"

	"Sorry, Chins," Zaid said.  "Whew!  No offense to birds of a feather, but I'm super glad to be out of that giant stone bowl!  It was starting to feel a little cramped, y'know?"

	"No offense taken, Zaid," Rainbow said as she hovered to a chair beside Pilate and Bellesmith.  "I know we all have things to do.  It was... uhm..."  She fidgeted, then took a deep breath.  "It was really swell of you guys to let us stay in Durandana for as long as we did."  She gulped.  "It... really meant a lot to me."

	"Awwwwwww..."  Props cooed, blue eyes sparkling.  "It's okies, Dashie!"

	"Absolutely," Eagle said with a grin.  "I enjoyed every moment of our stay."  He glanced up with a smile.  "And I'm not the only one."  He winked.

	Ebon blushed, biting his lip as he blindly placed down another piping-hot slice of grilled cheese.

	"Gaaaah!"  Zaid flinched, batting the cheesy mess out of his crotch.  "Hot hot hot!"

	"D'oh!  Sorry!  I'm s-so sorry!"

	"It's okay..."  Zaid hissed, eyes tearing slightly.  He nevertheless sported a brave smile.  "It's already been through a lot this week."

	"Snkkkt—Heeheeheehee!"  Props slapped the table, giggling.

	Ebon gulped.  "Okaaaaaaaaay..."  He side-trotted.  "I'm going to serve Floydien now..."

	"Not too much of the yellow drip drip, sailboat."

	"Yeah, yeah.  Most of this is going to Josho anyways."

	"Dayum straight."

	"Mmmm!"  Kera hopped into her stool beside Belle and Pilate.  "Smells good!"  She blinked, then glanced up at her guardians.  "We're not gonna run out of good eats, are we?"

	"Hmmmm..."  Belle smiled.  She reached over, straightening the filly's green bangs.  "I doubt it, darling.  Between Abinadi's generosity and the Durandanans'