, I think we're set."

	"A welcome reprieve, if there ever was one," Pilate said.

	"I gotta say..."  Eagle smirked.  "I'm liking this continent more and more with each passing day!"

	"Enjoy it while it lasts, sissy saddles," Josho muttered, rubbing his hooves together greedily as Ebon reached his plate and started dishing out a solid stack of bread-and-cheese.  "I'm sure the ugliness is waiting for us just a shout away."

	"Ungh!"  Props rolled her blue eyes.  "Why is everypony on board this ship so paranoid?"

	"Mrmmmfff..."  Zaid gulped down a tasty morsel and murmured, "You seem to be doing just fine."

	"I guess Nancy's womb shields me."

	"Yes yes yes."

	"Really, though, Rainbow..."  Josho glanced across the table.  "Shouldn't we be starting a game plan?"

	"Hmmm?"  She looked back at him.

	"For Val Roa.  I'm glad you got to peck it with the birds and all, but we've inadvertently given her one hell of a head start."

	"Perhaps," Pilate said.  "Perhaps not."

	"Come on, stripes," Josho sighed.  "You can't always be so dayum optimistic."

	"Optimism doesn't necessarily signify ignorance."  Pilate smirked slightly. "Chrysalis lost a great deal of power the last time we encountered her.  I doubt that in all her eons of existence she's ever dealt with such a handicap."

	"Yeah, but she's still got eons of existence.  That's enough to make her a major threat.  Never mind the ability to fart into whatever she wants to."

	"Yeah!"  Props blinked.  "How will we ever find her!"

	"We'd lose our heads from spinning if we even try," Eagle Eye said.  "Best thing to do is approach Val Roa and seek audience with the royalty there."

	"Heehee!"  Kera giggled.  "Yeah, that'll be rich!"

	"For real!"  Eagle Eye shrugged.  "Every pony and turtle has been super friendly here!  Is it too silly to expect the monarchs of Val Roa to be open to conversation with weary travelers seeking peace?"

	"And just how is that going to go?"  Kera stood up on her stool and cleared her throat.  In a ridiculously eloquent tone she murmured, "'Allo Governor of Val Roa!  Right fancy day for a stroll around the royal gardens!  My name is Duchess Eagle Eye!  Ya fancy helping us hunt down a bloody sod of a changeling!'"

	"Oka-a-a-ay," Belle chided, nevertheless chuckling.  She smiled through a blushing muzzle as she patted Kera's shoulders.  "No standing at the table, darling."

	"Ya see what I mean?"  Kera sat back, smirking devilishly.  "It's just stupid to expect the absolute best!"

	Eagle Eye, meanwhile, slunked in his seat with a pout.  "Only a duchess...?"

	Ebon sat down beside him, leaned in, and kissed his cheek.  "Muah.  Just relax and eat, EE."

	"Meh..."

	"What about you, Rainbow Dash?" Kera asked.  "What do you think we should do?"

	"Mmmmrnngh..."  Rainbow squirmed in her chair.  Her wings were coiled tight as she stared a hole through the tabletop.  "Really, it's just the first day of flight.  Do we have to talk about it now?"

	"Rainbow Dash..."  Josho sighed.

	"Less spit is fine for Floydien," the elk said, already halfway through his grilled cheese.  "Mmmm... slime sublime..."

	"It's not that I wanna overstress the issue," Josho said.  He gulped and added, "I guess it's just the stubborn old soldier who refuses to die inside of me."

	"And that's fine, Josho," Rainbow said.  "I appreciate your focus.  Really.  It's just..."  She sighed, clutching her head as she slumped against the dinner table.  "My head's still spinning.  It's hard to even sleep..."  She felt a golden hoof on her shoulder.  She looked up.

	Belle was smiling sweetly.  "It couldn't have been easy, Rainbow," she said.  "Giving up what you did."

	"Heh... yeah, well..."  Rainbow shrugged.  "I didn't have the sword for that long anyways, and it's not like I'm totally loss on the princess front—"

	"Rainbow..."  Belle squeezed her shoulder.  "We all know that you sacrificed more than that."

	Rainbow bit her lip.  At last, her voice cracked, "I-I would have given up more if I stayed."

	Pilate and