's ears folded back.  "Megacrud!"  He dropped his sandwich altogether and galloped out of the room.  "Gang way!"  He shot into the tunnel, took a sharp left, and slammed the lavatory door behind him.  Seconds later, everypony could almost feel the airship rocking.

	"Hrmmmf..."  The elk frowned.  "What did Floydien just say?"

	"Oh goddess..."  Ebon rolled his eyes and giggled.

	"Hoo boy..."  Josho slumped back in his seat with a dumb smirk.  "How the tables have turned."

	"And the seats, for that matter," Pilate added.

	The whole mess room filled with chuckles and laughter.

	Roarke heard it from afar.  She stared, unseen, from the kitchen door.  Chewing on her lip, the Searonese mare almost stepped out to join the group.  She lurched in place, wincing.  Her lenses reflected the colors of the rainbow—then nothing as they retracted.

	With a seething expression, Roarke turned from the group.  She brushed her scarlet braids back, sighed, and trotted lonesomely across the kitchen and into the stairwell beyond.
		//------------------------------//
		// A Lay of the Land		//------------------------------//

	"Trouble?"  An earth pony shrugged, resting casually against the railing of his wooden tree platform.  "Can't say I've heard of any trouble from Val Roa!  That place is as peaceful as peaceful can get!"

	Bellesmith, Pilate, and Rainbow Dash leaned over the Noble Jury's side.  A bright afternoon sky loomed above where the skystone ship gently hovered.

	"So, you do hear from the heart of the kingdom often?" Pilate asked.

	"Heh... you kidding?"  The earth pony glanced back, smiling down at the quaint village resting in the shadow of the alpine forest.  "This place wouldn't exist without the Val Roan trade routes!"  He turned back.  "We exchange metals and spices every week!"

	"When was the last time you heard from them?" Belle asked.

	"By 'them,' who do you mean exactly?" the villager asked.

	"Uhm... anypony, I guess," Rainbow said.  "The government... the monarchy..."

	The villager laughed, slapping his knee.  "Whew boy!  You ponies really aren't from around here, are ya?"

	"Uhhh..."  Rainbow glanced at Pilate's metal plate, Belle's broken horn, then stretched her wings with a smirk.  "You think?"

	The stallion blinked.  "Holy smokes, that's fancy..."

	"We were... uhm... hoping to seek audience with the Val Roan Monarchy," Belle said.  "Is... that even possible?"

	"Ma'am, I've never been so much as within a stone's throw of the glittering capitol!"  The stallion said.  "I don't think I could even afford to sneeze east of the mountains!  But, who knows?  You ponies probably could, judging from the shine of that skystone!"

	Two of the three glanced up at the ship's crimson propulsion.

	"Why?" Rainbow asked.  "Is that a good thing?"

	"You have to be really rich to afford a flying machine around here."

	"You mean you don't have an abundance of zeppelins in these parts?" Pilate remarked.

	"Hey.  I'm doing jumping jacks inside this handsome shell, pal."  The stallion chuckled.  "I've been on forest watch for over twenty years!  Last time I saw an air vehicle was back when I was just a little colt!  And that was because some important Duke was visiting the therapeutic springs north of here!"

	"Oh... uhm..."  Belle smiled awkwardly.  "I do hope we haven't alarmed anypony."

	"Pffft.  Don't worry about it," the stallion said with a wave.  "Besides, you seem like an awfully nice bunch.  Just what are you looking to do in Val Roa?"

	"Call us ambassadors," Pilate explained.  "We have reason to believe that some nefarious force wishes to encroach upon the monarchy's fortunes."

	"Heh... 'some nefarious force?'  Like who?"

	"That's what we were hoping you would tell us."

	"Yes, well... hmmmm..."  The stallion rubbed his chin in thought.  "There are some dirty mean reptiles who live on some islands to the far south."

	"The Lounge?" Rainbow blurted.

	The villager did a double-take.  "You know them?"

	"All too well," Rainbow droned with a frown.  "W