hat have they been up to lately?"

	"Oh.  The Lounge are just fine!"

	Belle blinked.  "They are?"

	"Heh... it's just a few lizards who broke off from them that give the race a bad name.  Isn't it terrible?"  He shook his head with a smirk.  "They've got it good down south.  Warm waters.  Abundant fruit.  Great shipping routes."

	"You seem to have it quite good here," Belle said.

	"Hah.  Not when winter hits, believe me.  I think I'd rather be in the Grand Choke when that happens."

	"Do any lizard groups venture far east?"

	"Heck if I know.  I doubt it.  'Cuz then they'd be dealing with goblins."

	Rainbow's eyes narrowed.  "Goblins."

	"Yup.  Nasty little buggers.  Not all of them—though, just the ones that cause the biggest explosions."

	"Uhhh..."

	"What, you've never met goblins before?"

	Rainbow slowly shook her head.  "Not outside of old mares' tales."

	"They love to build guns, bombs, and crazy contraptions.  They're big on mining, and they supply lots of the metals to places as far as Alafreo.  Ambitious little leather-necks, and some of them can be downright dirty."

	"Some of them?"  Rainbow asked.  "Or enough of them to be a threat to Val Roa?"

	"Hah!  Not likely.  Val Roa squashed them centuries ago."

	"Is that so?" Pilate asked.

	The villager nodded.  "It was a pretty nasty war—if you could call it one.  The goblins were no match for the Val Roans from the beginning, even though the little imps started it.  They began attacking many of the southern villages that belonged to the northern kingdom.  The Val Roans drove them back and then defended their cities without contest for over two decades.  Finally, when the monarchy switched hooves, the newly appointed king realized he was sick of the goblins' crap and invaded the southern reaches.  Hah!  The half-pints gave up within three days!  Since then, the goblins have been strictly policed.  They're mostly harmless—save of course for the Green Bandits."

	"Green Bandits?"

	"Pfft.  Bunch of thugs and would-be pirates.  They attack villages like ours at least once a year.  The imps would probably get somewhere if their explosives didn't blow up in their wrinkled faces half of the time.  Last summer, we felt so bad for them we just gave them half of what was in our storehouse.  We've started trading amicably with the gang ever since."

	"That's... uhm... very interesting," Rainbow Dash said.

	"Heh, sorry to disappoint you!"  The villager said with a smirk.  "Unless a bunch of reptiles and Green Bandits have joined together to make some devilish army of darkness—heheh—I'd say you're in for some smooth sailing!"

	Rainbow glanced aside at Belle.  "Why's this continent so squeaky clean?"

	"Getting homesick?" Belle smirked.

	"Please..."  Rainbow rolled her eyes.  "We just finished that arc."

	"Heeheehee..."

	"Is that all you dropped by for?  Just to ask a bunch of questions?"  The villager pouted slightly.  "For a minute there, you all got my hopes up."

	"I do apologize," Pilate said.  "But we were simply passing through."

	"Perhaps..."  Belle tapped her chin and smiled.  "We could trade something!"

	"Now you're talkin'!"  The pony leaned up against the railing.  "What have you got in mind?"

	"That depends."  Rainbow smiled nervously.  "Any of you guys in the mood for cheese?"  She gulped.  "Lots and lots of cheese?"



	Hours later, as the afternoon bled into a rosy sunset, the Noble Jury found itself cruising slowly over densely forested hills.

	"Just what the heck is this?"  Josho asked, turning a sliver of reflective silver around.

	"Apparently it's called a strip," Belle said from where she sat with Kera and Pilate on the other side of the Jury's top deck.  "It's the centerpiece of the Val Roan currency."

	"Are these ponies idiots or what?" Josho frowned.

	"Josho..."

	"No, seriously!  If you don't use round coins, then you stand to risk cheapscapes shaving the metal in ways that are harder to catch!"  He glanced up.  "Shave enough metal off, and you can sm