elt your own counterfeit!"

	"I didn't know you were an economy major, old stallion," Eagle Eye said.

	"Don't push it, dainty tush," Josho grumbled.  "It was either be an accountant or kill Xonans.  I ended up choosing the profession that got me more exercise."

	"Pffft.  If you say so."

	Ebon giggled from where he sat beside Eagle.

	"I gotta admit..."  Rainbow murmured as she paced in circles above the group.  "...I'm a little bit freaked out."

	"I'm sure gold bits is the standard back in Equestria as well," Pilate said.

	"No, it's not that."  Rainbow glanced at the treetops slowly drifting by them.  "Things around here are... a little t-too good to be true."

	"I'd say bask in it," Ebon said.  "We've got enough as it is to worry about."

	"But I just don't know what I should be worrying about," Rainbow groaned.  "Not until we get into Val Roa!"

	"And once we do, I don't think we'll be able to find out overnight," Pilate said. "Seems as though the monarchy is tightly reserved."

	"As well as they should be," Belle said.  "From the history of things, they've encountered there fair share of nasties from the south."

	"Really, though!" Kera squeaked.  "Why is it that all the bad guys tend to come from the south?"

	"Heh..."  Rainbow smirked.  "She makes a good point."

	"The Lounge!  Diamond dogs!  Foxes!  The Searonese..."

	"Now now, Kera..."  Belle patted the filly's head.  "Not all Searonese are evil."

	"Hrmmmmmmm..."  Rainbow folded her forelimbs, frowning.

	Belle squinted upat her.  "Right, Rainbow Dash...?"

	"Right..."  Rainbow paced and paced.  "They're just damn annoying."

	Kera giggled.



	"Grnnnnngh!"  Roarke gritted her teeth, struggling to file a metal bar in half.  "Come on... come on...!"  She hunched tightly over a metal crate inside the hangar where she was attempting to craft the frame to a new piece of armor.  "Come off... Searo damn you... come off!"

	SNAP!  The end broke loose, but it cracked the rest of the bar down the middle.

	Roarke's lenses retracted.  She hissed and kicked the crate altogether.  "Hnnngh!"

	The bar ricocheted off and smacked her fetlock.

	"Augggh!  Ass!"  Roarke hopped up and down in one place.  "Ass!  Ass! Ass!"  She leaned against a wall and suckled her hoof for a few seconds.  Suddenly, she froze.  She glanced at the black manasphere.  The glossy surface of the Lounge's hovercraft reflected Roarke in the middle of her curiously foalish gesture.

	Wincing heavily, Raorke stood straight... or at least she tried to.  Gulping, she glanced down at her hooves, noticing how intensely her legs were shivering.

	The mare began pacing... then pacing even faster.  Her breaths came in quick spurts.  She fought it, but where there had once been a growl—there was instead a nervous squeaking, a pitiable murmur.  She slumped to her haunches, pulling at her braids.

	"Rrrrrrrrgh... can't st-stand it... I hate this... I loathe this!"

	She hugged herself, panting.  She glanced over her shoulder.  The door to the stairwell lingered, cracked open.  From a distance, she could make out the giggling breaths of Props and Zaid.  Maybe other voices.  Each one of them shook her to the core.

	"Gnnnnngh!"  She clutched her head, seethed, and looked up with a heavy frown.  In a blur, she dashed to the far corners of the hangar, snatching up whatever weapon, axe, or spear she could find.  Then, without ceremony, she tossed them inside the hovercraft, leapt in, and closed the doors with a hiss.



	"...and so the moral of the story," Ebon said.  "...is never to serve venison to live deer."  He raised his eyebrows.

	"... ... ... ..."  Belle, Pilate, Eagle, and Josho stared dully at the stallion.

	At last, from the cockpit:  "Floydien gets it!"

	"Ha HA!"  Ebon pointed towards the bow with a bright grin.  "How about that!  Heheheh..."  He glanced down at his fidgeting hooves.  "Whewwwwwwwwwwwwww—I'm so glad I got out of that restaurant in Gray Smoke alive."

	"Yeah, well, so's my stomach," Josho said.

	Rainbow rolle