d her eyes.  Just then, the entire Jury lunged.

	Everypony blinked.

	"What the spit?!"  The elk in the cockpit twirled about, his antlers flashing.  "Did Nancy give birth?!"

	"We do feel a lot lighter," Pilate said.

	Eagle squinted at him.  "How do you know?"

	"A mystical zebra never shares his secrets."

	"You picked a bad time to be cheeky."

	"Would you rather go back to the venison story?"

	"Everypony... quiet!"  Rainbow hissed, raising her hooves.  "Ya hear that?"

	"Sounds like manaengines," Josho said.

	"Rainbow!  Look!"  Kera chirped, pointing over the ship's port side.  The group twirled about and watched in awe as a small black sphere shot over the forested landscape, coasting northeast.

	"Roarke?!"  Rainbow stammered.  "What in the buck is she doing?"

	"Something awesome, I bet!" Kera grinned.

	Rainbow frowned.  "I'll be the friggin' judge of that."

	"Rainbow?"  Belle blinked worriedly.  "What are you doing—?"

	"What else?"  Rainbow flapped her wings.  "I'm going after her!"

	"But—"

	"No, this stupid charade ends now!  Either she's gonna tell me what's got her saddle in a twist or I'm not coming back at all!"  Rainbow took a sharp right and breezed by the cockpit's dashboard.  "Floydien, bring her to a stop!  This shouldn't take long."

	"Yes yes yes, paint bucket."

	"Oh great..."  Josho lumbered about, groaning.  "Another delay.  Val Roa's going to be a cemetery by the time we get there."

	"Rest easy, Josho," Pilate said in a calm tone.  "Something tells me this is the most important thing to happen today..."

	Eagle Eye and Ebon watched nervously as Rainbow blurred after the black sphere in the distance.
		//------------------------------//
		// It's About Friggin' Dayum Time		//------------------------------//

	Rainbow Dash didn't have to fly for long.  She was only crusing over the treetops for half-a-minute before she discovered the black Lounge transport parked in a tiny clearing between fir trees.  Muttering to herself, she angled her wings and dove down swiftly.

	Landing on exposed rock, she trotted around the dormant sphere.  The doors were left wide open.

	"Getting sloppy, Roarke..."  Rainbow turned and looked into the treeline.  "What in Celestia's name has gotten into your head?"

	Thick shadows formed just beyond the crimson swath of sunsetlight against the tree barks.  Rainbow squinted and squinted, and still she couldn't catch any sign of movement.  So, she held her breath, craning her ear towards the dense wilderness.  At last, she heard a steady train of rustling leaves and crackling pine cones. Without a moment's hesitation, she darted into the forest, threading neatly through trees as she zeroed in on the sound.

	Soon enough, she caught the unmistakable glint of Roarke's metal braces in the broken afternoon glow.  The mare was scurrying swiftly—on hoof—straight into nothingness.

	"Roarke?!" Rainbow called out.

	No response.

	"Roarke!"  At this point, Rainbow was frowning.  She flapped her wings harder, gliding at a distance parallel to Roarke's trudging gait.  "Roarke, for crying out loud!  Will you slow down?!"

	"I can't, Rainbow Dash," Roarke barked back, her voice uncharacteristically shaky as it ricocheted off the tree trunks.  "I... I-I just need some fresh air!"

	"Some fresh air?!"

	"I need to hunt!" Roarke snarled.  "You realize just how damn long it's been since I've reeled in some decent prey?"

	"Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..."

	"Exactly!  I can't recall either!"  Roarke panted and seethed, dragging heavy equipment along with her.  "I'm getting stiff!  If I'm out of my element, I can't be expected to protect the Jury when the situation calls!"

	"Roarke..."

	"If I can't be expected to protect the Jury, then I'm about as useful as a dead breeder full of cysts!"

	"Roarke!"  Rainbow Dash slammed down in front of her, knocking loose leaves and pine needles.  "This ends now!"

	Roarke gnashed her teeth, then slumped with a sigh.  "Rainbow—"

	"No more running!  No more wallfl