es dangling around the ends of the young stallion’s fetlocks.  “You totally shouldn’t be up here!  Not until I’ve stitched you something too!”

    “But… but…”

    “I’m getting to you, I promise!  It’s just that… well… Rainbow’s took a heck of a lot longer.  After all, she’s flying right into the elements for what Props asked for and--”

    “EE!  For the love of apricots!  He’s in no condition to be up here!”

    “Sailboater is right.  Lavender, make with the whisk-whisk. Striped boomer has no business being blue boomer, yes yes?”

    “But…”  Pilate stammered, “Is everything alright?  At least tell me why we’re stalled like this.”

    Eagle Eye was already ushering Pilate back into the cockpit.  “You can tell that we’re stalled?”

    Pilate sighed.  “There’s nopony piloting the ship, Eagle Eye.  And unless Mr. Floydien’s Nancy Jane has acquired sentience--”  He suddenly gasped, levitating.

    Eagle Eye grunted a bit with the effort of floating the zebra down the crawlspace as he climbed the ladder after him.   “It’s… nngh… simple.  Rainbow Dash is trying to get something for Props to use in heating the ship back up.  After all, it’s been super cold, and it’s only going to get colder as we cross the Frozen Sea!”

    “Eagle Eye…”

    “And Spark knows how far the thermometer is going to drop once we get to that nasty Strip of Flurries place.”  Eagle Eye and Pilate touched down upon the middle deck again.  “Erm… can you call the ‘Strip of Flurries’ a place, really?”

    “Eagle Eye, I’ve been in extreme situations before.  I don’t need--where are you taking me?”

    “Some of your bandages fell off.  But no matter.”  Eagle Eye led the weak zebra back to the infirmary.  Gently, he pushed the stallion back onto the bed and started reapplying strips of gauze to Pilate’s exposed limbs.  “You’ll be better in no time.  Well, mostly better.”

    “I can’t stay in here forever, Eagle Eye.”

    “Pffft.  Well of course not, silly zebra. But we want you to get healed, y’know?  You’ve still got a lot of nasty bruises and--”

    “At least let me go back to the navigation room below.  Rainbow Dash shouldn’t feel like she doesn’t have a guide.”

    Silence.  And then:  “Until Belle whips up a second O.A.S.I.S., Pilate, I really don’t th-think you should be straining yourself.”

    The zebra bit his lip.

    “It’s all gonna be okay.  R-really!  Rainbow will be back soon and Ebon will make us all a congratulatory meal!  Even th-though he’s having to ration things… pr-pretty paper thin.”  A gulping sound.  “And I’m at least certain Rainbow Dash will make it back… pr-probably…”

    Pilate winced.  “What… what is it that’s gotten her in so much peril?”

    “Hey, your guess is as good as mine.”  Shuffling hooves.  Eagle’s voice drew away.  “With half the stuff Props has been cracking up lately, I’m scared to ask.  But… hey!  She’s Rainbow!  And… we c-can totally count on her, right?”

    Silence.

    “Right.  Uhm… I gotta go.  They need my eyes.  Erm… not that… my eyes are all that spectacular.  I mean… they’re just eyes... and… uhmm… ennnnghhh… yeah.  See ya later… or hear ya later…”

    “Eagle Eye, it’s not that I’m worried, it’s just…”  Pilate stopped in mid speech.

    The silence in the room was permeating.  He was alone.

    He bit his lip.  With a sigh, he deflated like a flower and curled up into the bedsheets.  “I j-just want to be useful…”  He took a deep breath.  In the deep vestiges of darkness, he thought he could make out waving lines… like dancing flames.  There was nothing to close his eyes to, so he instead concentrated on steady breaths, stroking the mattress beneath him with a hoof, imagining it was a warm cheek instead.

		//------------------------------//
		// Rainbow Over the Frozen Sea		//------------------------