t!”

    “There’s… just one thing.”  Rainbow Dash gulped.  “We’re… n-not exactly heading west on this ship.”

    “That’s fine,” Elma said.

    Rainbow blinked.  “It is?”

    “Of course!”  The turtle smiled.  “I was born across the Frozen Sea.  Alafreo, my home country, is just on the other side of the Strip of Flurries.”

    “Alafreo… huh?”

    “I only cross over to help merchants map the frozen wastes out here.  So, if you’re heading east and you’re kind enough to bring me on board, then I’ll be happy to help in any way I can.”  She shuddered slightly.  “Bleachkkk… anything’s gotta be better than traveling west towards that nasty kingdom with the wars and stuff.”

    “Yeah…” Rainbow Dash exhaled with a calm smile.  “Tell me about it.”

    “Jusssssssst one question…”  Zaid leaned in.

    Elma glanced at him.  “Yeah?”

    “Do they serve grilled cheese sandwiches in Alafreo?”

    Elma Boreal blinked.  “What’s a grilled cheese sandwich?”

    Zaid’s left eyebrow twitched.  He turned to look towards the other half of the mess hall.  “Any chance we can take a quick detour west?”  Whap!  “Oww!”

		//------------------------------//
		// A Message From the Sun		//------------------------------//

    “Ain sae thaur Ah was!”  Prowse smirked from where he leaned over the middle of the mess hall table.  “Surroonded by Xonan mercenaries oan aw sides! Mah trusty boomstick was it ay ammo, an' Ah didne e'en hae a wrench tae flin' at them! Ah kent 'at it was jist a matter ay seconds afair the tattooed jobby takers aw charged at me, horns first!”

    Ebon and Eagle Eye stared, wide-eyed.  Zaid and Josho stood behind the chairs, brows furrowed.

    “What…”  Props gulped.  “What did you do?”

    “Th' only bloody hin' Ah coods hae dain!”  Prowse smirked, flexing his metal hoof.  “Ah mit them, metal tae muzzle!”  He winked.  “In less than it takes fur a coo tae fart, th' whole fluir ay th' room was covered wi' teeth! they sure as heel werenae onie ay mine!”

    “Wow…”  Ebon gasped.

    “Er…”  Eagle winced.  “That’s…”

    “Violent?” Elma spoke up from sipping a mug of water.

    “Damn straecht! Ah gart them bleed it their tattoos loch they waur faucets! That's whit they gie fur attackin' thes auld stallion jist fur walkin' ben toon oan an archaeological mission!”

    “Well, then…”  Zaid smirked.  “One pony’s psychopath is another’s badflank!”  He slapped Josho’s shoulder.  “Eh, fatso?”

    “Eh.”

    “They didn’t send a squadron of ebil ticked off bad bads to skin you alive?” Props asked, eyes sparkling.

    “They cooldnae fin' me e'en if they wanted tae, lassie!”  Prowse smiled proudly. “Want tae ken hoo Ah tint them?”

    “Duaaaaaaaaah!”  Props gasped so wide her cheekbone nearly dislodged.  “Is there ‘nut me’ in ‘minute?’  Dish it out, Unky Prowsy!”

    The group leaned in tighter while Prowse began weaving another tale.

    From a distance, Rainbow Dash hovered, watching the group with calm ruby eyes.  She breathed lightly, her tail flicking beneath her.

    “Floydien swears to Nancy’s internal antlers…”  A certain elk shuffled up from the kitchen.  “Does paint wheel ever touch the ground?”

    “Even when I’m not moving I’m moving,” Rainbow muttered.  She turned to look at Floydien.  “How’s the weather?”

    “Balm balm, but the snow is faint enough for us to burn through.  Floydien would have liked it if Floydien had another pony to check on the winds beside himself and Nancy.”

    Rainbow’s ears folded.  “Err… yeah, sorry about that.  Sometimes I take for granted how much you like to be reclusive.”

    “Just because Floydien likes to be alone doesn’t mean he likes being alone.”

    “Er… right…”  Rainbow’s eyebrows twitched.  “You see, it’s stuff like that.  If you were a book, I