owering!"  Rainbow snarled, marching into Roarke with each bombastic utterance.  "No more 'mystery girl routine!'  No more silent treatment!"  She stomped her hooves again.  "Talk to me, dang it!  What's gotten into you!"

	"I... I..."  Roarke frowned, her eye-lenses pistoning as she glance to the left.  "I don't know what you're talking about."

	"Yes you do!"  Rainbow moved to the left, hissing, "You're not acting normal!"

	"Normal?" Roarke looked to the right.  "This is the way I always am."

	Rainbow darted right.  "Not lately, it hasn't!"

	"Nnnngh..."  Roarke spun about and began dragging her weapons in the opposite direction.  "Please, don't lecture me..."

	"Who's lecturing, Roarke?!  It's a fact!"  Rainbow flapped after her.  "You've been opening up!  You've dined with us in the mess hall!  You've reached out to Kera!  You've girl-talked with Bellesmith for Celestia's sake!"

	"It wasn't girl-talk," Roarke muttered.  "She talked about Pilate's sleeping habits and I gave a detailed synopsis of how Searonese warriors properly groomed before retiring with a slave."

	"Uhhhh... I hate to break it to ya, Roarke, but that's pretty much 'girl-talk.'"

	Roarke stopped in her tracks.  "Oh.  Well..."  She gritted her teeth.  "Now I'm going hunting!"

	"For what?!" Rainbow cackled.

	"For whatever presents itself!"

	"You can't just go hunting at random, Roarke!"

	"I most certainly can."

	"And what if you accidentally shoot and bag yourself a sentient ceature, huh?!"

	"If it screams in more than four syllables, then I'll hold fire."

	"Dammit, Roarke!"  Rainbow hovered in her face, frowning.  "Will you just stop and listen to me?!"  She pointed.  "I know for a fact that you've been opening up lately, and it's been awesome!  But now you're doing a total one-eighty out of nowhere and I want to know why!"

	Roarke took a deep, deep breath.  Next, she frowned venomously at the pegasus.  "I don't see how you could possibly be a judge on how my behavior's been."

	"Buh?"

	"Seeing as you were too busy flocking with your bird-chirping friends all of last week."

	Rainbow blinked.  "Is that what this is about?!"  She grimaced.  "Our stay in Durandana?"

	"Tell me, Rainbow Dash, did you even miss your hammock on board the Jury while you were busy lying around with the pegasi that time forgot?!"

	"What...?!"  Rainbow slowly shook her head, muzzle agape.  "Roarke, you got it all wrong!  All I was doing was simply getting the Durandanans to connect with Equestria!  They were distant relatives of mine and I c-couldn't just leave them in ignorance!"

	"Uh huh..."

	Rainbow folded her forelimbs, frowning.  "If you found a group of Searonese living out here—cut off from the rest of the world—wouldn't you give your all to make sure they knew about the legacies and the follies of the rest of their sisters?"

	"... ... ..."  Roarke fidgeted where she stood.

	"Well?!"  Rainbow leaned forward.  "Roarke Most Rare?!  I want an intelligent, logical answer to that!"

	Roarke spun about.  She huffed, dropped her equipment, and trotted aimlessly forward.  "I'm not in the mood."

	"M... Mood?!"  Rainbow almost went cross-eyed.  "Roarke, I didn't know that word could even compute for you!"

	"Go away, Rainbow..."  Roarke stammered, her breaths labored as she trudged through thick bales of pine needles.  "I-I mean it..."

	"I don't think this has anything to do with me or the Durandanans!" Rainbow said, flying after her.

	"I just... j-just need some time alone—"

	"I think this has everything to do with you!"

	Roarke spun, her eye-lenses instantly pistoning outward.  "Me?"

	"Beneath all that metal crap, you're still a pony, Roarke!"  Rainbow said.  "Believe it!  And, y'know what?  It's sometimes okay to admit to being selfish!"

	"Rainbow..."

	"So just admit it!"

	Roarke gazed at Rainbow.  Slowly, she shook her head.  "Even after all these months I've known you... all the heroic acts you've performed... all the lengths you've flown... you can be this blind?"

	