Rainbow touched down in front of Roarke, coiling her wings.  "Then talk to me, Roarke!  Tell me what I'm doing wrong?"

	"What would it matter?"  Roarke's nostrils flared.  "No matter what, you'll still be the same stubborn, selfless, suicidal east horse."

	"Care to break that sentence down, bit by bit?"

	"No."  Roarke seethed.  "I don't care to!  Because nothing is going to change who and what you are!"

	"Isn't that a good thing?"

	"You know what would have been a good thing?!"  Roarke's teeth gritted hard.  "You should have stayed, Rainbow."

	"Stayed?  Stayed where?"

	"In Durandana!"

	"Roarke, you really think I'm going to abandon my friends and—"

	"Your friends were in good hooves!" Roarke hollered.  "But now they are in sick, dying hooves!"

	"But—"

	"You could have been at peace, Rainbow!" Roarke barked.  "You could have had a piece of home!"

	"I can't paint anyplace in the rest of the world and call it 'Equestria,' Roarke!  You know that!"

	"No..."  Roarke slowly shook her head.  "All I know is that you prefer dying in a frenzied blaze of glory over anything that you deserve!"

	"It's not about what I deserve!"  Rainbow grunted and kicked a loose pine cone.  "Dammit, Roarke!  What's gotten into your head!"

	"Val Roa can crumble in ashes," Roarke moaned.  "The Dark Side of the world and rust for eternity!  There's nothing out there that can give you what you want..."  Roarke fidgeted where she stood.  "Nopony who can give you what you need..."

	"I have my fr-friends, Roarke!" Rainbow exclaimed, red in the face.  "Isn't that enough?!"

	"It's..."  Roarke glanced down at her trembling hooves.  "It's not..."

	"Well?!"  Rainbow's voice cracked.  "Isn't it?"  Her eyes widened, for they were reflecting off of Roarke's lenses very, very closely.  "Mmmmmmff?!?!"

	Roarke's ears folded back for the first time since Rainbow saw the mare, or smelled her—like the sweating scent of desperation currently wafting up to her nostrils from where their lips made sweet, hot contact.

	"Mmmfff—guahh!"  Rainbow fiercely shoved Roarke back.

	Roarke fell on her haunches, trembling, avoiding Rainbow's gaze.

	"Pfft... Feh!"  Rainbow wheezed and waved her forelimbs.  "Are you crazy?!?"  She exhaled.  Blinked.  She plunged forward, tackling Roarke.

	"Mmmm—!"  Roarke literally yelped as Rainbow's body sprawled on top of her.  Blue legs squeezed the Searonese mare's body so tightly that her metal braces began to bend.  There was no pain, no panic, nothing but a rosy-tinted flush spreading like wildfire across Roarke's brown coat as she hugged Rainbow back, deliciously lost in the avalanche of feathers, kisses, and more feathers.  A symphony of melodic moans and tiny, dainty gasps filled the fuzzy gaps in between.



	"There!  I think I see them!" Kera said, pointing off the bow's end.

	"Praise the Spark!"  Belle trotted up alongside Zaid and Pilate.  "Have any missiles flown, yet?"

	"Uhm..."  Pilate fidgeted from where he stood on the ship's edge.  "I'm hearing something, but unless missiles are slippery—"

	"Eep!" Eagle Eye's voice squeaked.  The Jurists turned to see a furiously blushing stallion rush towards the opposite end of the ship.

	"What's wrong, EE?" Ebon asked.

	"Holy spit!" a voice barked from the cockpit.  "Talk about a squeeze squeeze!"

	"Uhhhhhhh..."  Zaid blinked awkwardly.

	"Oh..."  Belle held a pair of hooves over her burning muzzle.  "Oh d-dear..."

	"Weird..."  Kera's nose scrunched.  "Nopony's gonna win if they keep wrestling like that!"

	"Aaaaaaaaaaaand that's enough fresh-air for now, kiddo." Zaid discreetly scooped Kera up from where she stood.

	"Gah!  Zaaaaaaid!"  Kera wriggled in his grip, legs dangling.  "But maybe they'll need a referee!"

	"Believe me...ahem."  Zaid tugged a shell-shocked Belle along as the group made their collective way below deck.  "At the rate those two are going?  Heh... they'll need no help with a submission move..."
		//------------------------------//
		// The Distance We Fall From		/