/------------------------------//

	Starlight glittered off Rainbow Dash's eyelashes as they opened.  She blinked, her ears serenaded by crickets and cool wind through the fir trees.  Feeling a chill, she did the first thing she could think of for warmth:  she hugged the body next to her tightly.

	The mare blinked.

	Rainbow craned her head up, her ruby eyes squinting down at the figure lying beside her.  She stretched a hoof, tracing the end of it around a soft brown chin and muzzle.

	Roarke's body lay still, stirring every so often with calm breaths.  The starlight glinted off her dormant lenses, as well as the ringlets at the end of her scarlet braids.

	Staring intently, Rainbow touched one ringlet after another.  She took turns, rubbing her hoof down the length of each braid, feeling the ticklish fibers like fine red rope.  The metal ends clattered gently with one another, and Rainbow giggled lightly.  A gentle warmth spread through her cheeks.  She rested her head against a bed of pine needles and gazed sideways at Roarke's neck and chest.  Eventually, her eyes found their way to one of the mare's many metal plugs—as did her hoof.  She traced a circle around the former bounty hunter's punctured chest, marveling at how seamlessly the skin blended with the prosthetics.

	"Hmm... how funny," she murmured lightly.  "All this time, I never realized you'd be..."  She lingered, then smiled even more.  "... so soft."  Another giggle.

	"I'm awake, you know," Roarke's lips suddenly moved.

	"Gah!"  Rainbow jerked back, curling her hooves to her chest.  Once she caught her breath, she rolled her eyes and groaned, "Luna poop, girl!  Somepony should put a bell on you!"

	"Hrmmmfff... not sure there's any room at this point for more metal."

	"Yeah, no kidding.  I was just... uhm... admiring it all myself," Rainbow said.

	"Indeed."

	Silence.  Dead silence.

	Roarke's lips moved again.  "Nopony told you to stop."

	"Oh.  Uhm..."  Rainbow giggled breathily.  "Alrighty, then..."  She stroked her hoof gently down Roarke's chest and lingered at a pair of plugs.  "They're a lot bigger than I thought..."

	"Most ponies don't ever get close enough to notice," Roarke said.

	"Still... just... kinda freaky, y'know?"  Rainbow bit her lip.  The mare's ears folded as she glanced up.  "Did they hurt?  Going in, I mean?"

	Roarke's nostrils flared.  "Every single one."

	"I'm sorry..."

	"Don't be," Roarke murmured.  "I'm not.  They've since been of priceless use to me all my life."

	The edge of Rainbow's muzzle twisted up.  "They didn't prove to be very helpful a few hours ago."

	"Yes, well..."  Roarke stirred slightly.  "...none of me proved very useful a few hours ago."

	"Hehehehehehe!"  Rainbow chuckled raspily.  "Yeah."  She rolled her eyes, blushing furiously.  "Yeahhhhhhhhhhh..."

	"That's twice now you've kicked my ass," Roarke muttered.  "I'm rather fond of the second bout."

	"Snkkkt—Hehehehehe!"  Rainbow curled against Roarke, clenching her eyes shut as her cheeks went even redder.  "Heh heh heh... whewwwwww... I... uhm... it's just that... that... uhhhhhh... I'm... uhmmm..."

	"I'm not complaining," Roarke said.  "I won't complain."  She gulped.  "You're still here."

	Rainbow blinked at that.  "...why wouldn't I be?"

	Roarke's teeth clenched hard.  There was a slight stirring to her lenses, but her body remained still.

	Rainbow continued to gaze at her.  She traced a hoof up, running it gently over the contours of Roarke's ear.  The fuzzy lobe flicked once or twice, then relaxed under the pegasus' gentle caress.  "Celestia, you're so friggin' adorable," Rainbow blurted.  "For so long, I couldn't... I-I mean I didn't even bother to--"

	"It's okay," Roarke said.  "I didn't let you."

	"Yes you did."

	"Hrmmmph..."

	"You totally did!"  Rainbow inhaled sharply.  "Roarke, you gave me so many opportunities to let you in.  And I did the exact opposite."

	"You couldn't be blamed."

	"Couldn't I?"  Rainbow sighed.  "You came back after I yelled at you.  You 