, and I blamed it on you..."

	"It's okay..."

	"No, it isn't.  You deserve—"

	"I deserve exactly what's come to me," Rainbow said, gently stroking Roarke's cheek.  "And that's why there's no way in heck that I'm mad at you."  Her lips curved.  "Especially right now."

	Roarke leaned her cheek into Rainbow's caressing hoof.  She exhaled heavily as her body went limp.

	Rainbow smiled even more.  Her hoof trailed around the edges of Roarke's lenses.

	"Hrmmm... clasp the sides."

	Rainbow blinked.  "Huh?"

	"Clasp both sides simultaneously and lift," Roarke said.  "They'll come off very easily."

	Rainbow's lips pursed.  "But.. but..."  She fidgeted.  "I mean... you have those things on all the time.  Like... will it h-hurt?"

	Roarke clasped one hoof around Rainbow's forelimb.  "Nothing can hurt me now."

	Silence.

	Rainbow took a deep breath.  With careful grace, she reached down and clasped both sides of the metal mare's lenses.  There was a distinct snapping sound, followed by a brief hiss.  They felt incredibly heavy in the pegasus' grip, but that didn't stop her from lifting them off and dropping them in the bed of pine needles beside the two ponies.  Rainbow leaned over, staring intently.

	At first, Rainbow thought she was gazing down a deep well.  Twin silver-blue pools quivered, like tiny slits that rippled with each touch of starlight as Roarke strained and struggled to look back at her.  The mare visibly winced, but firmly murmured.  "I d-don't even know what they look like," Roarke said, another tear or two straining loose.  Her muzzle bravely formed a smile.  "Could you describe them to me?"

	Rainbow stared and stared.  For several seconds, she hovered like a pale statue.  At last, she collapsed, starting with her folded ears then down through a flushed red muzzle as her lips curved.  "Honest," her voice cracked, and soon the world between them fogged.  Rainbow sniffled and whimpered again, "So very honest."

	Rainbow didn't realize she was falling until Roarke's forelimbs lifted up and folded around her.  The petite pegasus curled up against her fuzzy brown chest, clenching her eyes shut as tiny sobs squeaked out of her smiling lips.  With each shuddering breath, Rainbow retreated more and more into Roarke's embrace, and she found a warm place there to hide and melt.

	"Thank you," Rainbow sobbed, curling her forelimbs over her eyes as she spoke in muffled little bursts against Roarke's neck.  "Just... th-thank you, Roarke... thank you thank you thank you..."

	"Mmmmmm..."  Roarke kissed the mare's forehead.  Shutting her eyes, she rested her neck and chin over the pegasus' head and held her tight.  "After all you're flying, it's about time somepony caught you too."


		//------------------------------//
		// A Dawn Like No Other		//------------------------------//

	Morning came.  The sun rose.

	Normally, Rainbow Dash would have embraced the dawn with an elaborate, cat-like stretch.  This occasion was very, very different.  As soon as she awoke, she felt strong forelimbs wrapped around her from behind.  Her eyelashes fluttered open, and after ten seconds of cognizance, she smiled... then smiled some more.

	Roarke was still asleep, her naked eyes clenched shut as her body expanded and contracted form directly behind Rainbow.  The petite pegasus could feel every subtle twitch of the metal mare's coat hairs as she drifted along in her slumber.

	With a quiet trilling sound, Rainbow tugged one of Roarke's hooves up towards her chin and gave it a soft, feather-light nuzzle.  She closed her eyes once more, willing to let sleep quietly engulf her once more.

	As soon as she attempted relaxing, something caused her eyelids to flutter.  The mare stirred, then stirred again.

	"Hrmm..."

	Her muzzle scrunched.

	"Hrmmmmmfff..."

	She rubbed her eyelids, blinked several times, then squinted through the forest.  Her lips pursed.  She clenched and unclenched her eyes several times.

	"... .... ...what?"

	There was a second light on the horizon.  A light th