at wasn't the Sun.

	Rainbow's brow furrowed.  When she blinked, the light was still there.  Even when she clenched her eyes shut tight, the illumination lingered in the distance, like a tiny shimmer against infinite haze and darkness.

	By this time, Rainbow was wide awake with confusion.  She felt Roarke stirring behind her.  Nervously—yet quietly—she pulled Roarke's forelimb out from around her.  In her sleep, the Searonese pony tried curling up to Rainbow tighter, but the pegasus managed to slip away in time.  She lay Roarke's hoof by her side, brushing her braids back before standing up and quietly trotting past the bed of leaves and pine needles where they had retired overnight.

	The fresh dew on the ground gave a squishing sound to Rainbow's hooftrots.  Nevertheless, she sauntered east, approaching a cluster of rocks grown over with moss and grass.  Once she stood on top of a dull boulder, she was able to see past a fork in the nearby trees.  Once more, she could spot the sunrise... and could furthermore spot the difference between the dawnlight and the tiny glow flickering towards her like a distant beacon.

	"... ... ...what in Luna's name?"

	Rainbow bit her lip.  She glanced back at Roarke, then back at the beacon.  She exhaled with a shuddering sigh, hugging herself.



	Ebon Mane finished pouring a mug of coffee.  He then slid the steaming cup over in front of where Josho sat in the Noble Jury's mess hall.

	"There you have it," Ebon said.  He then shuffled over and sat besides an exhausted looking Eagle Eye in front of a plate of scrambled eggs.  "The closest thing you're gonna get around here to a Ledomaritan Capuccino."  Ebon gulped and smiled nervously.  "That's over one week old..."  He fidgeted.  "...and made by turtles."

	"Hrmmmmm..."  Josho leaned his fat chins against his forelimb.  "Swell..."  He telekinetically raised the cup, squinting at it in the hazy dawnlight wafting through the windows.  "Now all we need is some month-old doughnuts baked by horned toads and it's a regular Bed'n'Breakfast."

	"Heheh..."  Ebon stifled a yawn.  "Either I'm dead-tired or that was actually funny."

	"Mrmmf... lay off of him, old stallion," Eagle Eye muttered, digging at his food.  "He did what you asked for."

	"And I'm glad for that.  Honest."  Josho took a meager sip and shuddered.  "Don't get so overprotective of your new marefriend."

	"Hey!  Come on!"  Eagle frowned.

	"Heeheehee..." Ebon quivered, giggling.

	Eagle blinked aside.  "Huh?"

	"'Marefriend.'  That's so stupid and silly."  Ebon nevertheless leaned against Eagle's shoulder.  "I liiiiiiiiiiiike it."

	"Hrmmm..."  Eagle's cheeks reddened slightly.  "I don't."

	"Look, as long as you two have at least one horn between you—" Josho began.

	"Can we not?"  Eagle sighed.  "Please?"

	"Wow, I must have put too much pepper on those eggs," Ebon stammered, blinking.

	"It's not that.  I'm just... worried... you know?"

	"About what?"

	"What else?"  Eagle dug at his plate, fidgeting.  "Neither have returned."

	"Let's just pretend it's their honeymoon and be done with it," Josho said, taking another sip.  "And, honestly, the less I try to think about it, the better."

	"I thought you of all ponies were the one in a hurry to get us to Val Roa."

	Eagle squinted.  "I mean—can you imagine trying to peel a mare out of a rusted corset only to find out it's her skin?!"

	"Josho!"

	"Hey!"  Josho shrugged.  "I know we all need to get to Val Roa!"  A beat.  "But... dayum... that mare needed to get laid way the hell more."

	Eagle raised his hoof to retort, fumbled, and shrugged.  "You know what, I'll give you that one."

	Josho nodded into his mug.  "Thatta girl."

	Ebon giggled again, and Eagle rolled his eyes with a smirk.

	"Duaaaaaaaah..."  An exhausted zebra with a tangled mane shuffled limply into the mess hall.  He fought an endless yawn before muttering, "Morning, Jury."

	"Morning, Pilate."

	"Morning, Pilate.

	"Hey there, bright eyes."

	"The place is sure quiet today."

