	"Heh... if you say so."

	"And I do."  Pilate muttered, wandering over to the table.

	"Would you like some eggs and coffee, Pilate?" Ebon asked.

	"That sounds splendid, Ebon.  Much thanks."

	"Have a seat."

	"Don't mind if I do."  Pilate slumped down in a stool.  "Mmmmm... these mornings are far colder than the ones in Central Ledomare.  Reminds me of winter dawns in Mountainfall.  Nothing better than saddling up to a warm meal as the day outside begins to bloom."  He exhaled through a calm smile.  Silence.  His metal brow furrowed.  "I'm facing away from the table, aren't I?"

	"I'm afraid so, Pilate," Eagle said with a nod.

	"Nnnngh..."  Pilate spun one hundred and eighty degrees and scooted the stool closer.  "I don't suppose it would be selfish of me to ask Props to construct an iron bar that leads from my cabin to the dining table?"

	"Not unless you want to find the Tree of Life," Josho said.

	"Ugh... please..."  Pilate waved a hoof and slumped his chin against the tabletop.  "It's too early for somthing that obscure."

	"Suit yourself, Stripes."

	"Mmmm..."

	Silence.

	"She isn't back, is she?"  Pilate remarked.

	Josho slowly shook his head.  "Nope.  Neither is Roarke."

	"Indeed."  Pilate's lips slowly curved.  "Honestly, I don't think I could be happier."

	For the first time that morning, Eagle managed a chuckle.  "Here here..."



	Roarke stirred.  Her face tensed.  Her hooves moved, then swam tiny circles in the air—feeling around for something that was now gone.  In a flash, her eyes opened, and she instantly regretted it.

	"Guhhhh... Searo's ovaries!"  She slapped a hoof over her tearing sockets.  Feeling around with her other leg, she found where the lenses were resting in the surrounding bed of pine needles.  Brushing them clean against her coat, she raised them to her head and snapped them in place.  Each lens pistoned in and out in opposite directions until she regained her focus.

	Standing up, she looked around.  The forest bed was empty.  There was a tiny impression right beside her, but no pegasus.

	"Rainbow...?"  Even Roarke was surprised at how swiftly and fitfully she had spat the name out.  Her breaths quickened, and her ears twitched alternatingly.  "R-Rainbow...?!" A heavy gulp.  "Where did—?"

	"Over here, Roarke."

	The metal mare spun about, jaw clenched.  She trotted swiftly over a patch of grass and looked behind a boulder.  There, Rainbow sat, squatting over a bed of exposed white dirt and gray soil.  She had a stick gripped between two hooves and was drawing figures in the earth.

	"Nnnnghhh..."  Roarke's whole body deflated with an exhale of relief.  "Rainbow, don't run off like that."

	"I didn't run off," Rainbow muttered, continuing to drag the stick through the sand.  "I only trotted—like—ten feet.  I didn't want to wake you."

	"But still, you..."  Roarke winced.  She cleared her throat and stammered, "I mean... th-that's fine, of course.  I just... uh..."

	"I'm flattered that you missed me."  Rainbow dropped the stick, brushed her hooves clean, and stood up.  "But it was only a few friggin' minutes.  Don't have a cow."

	"Why would I want to possess a bovine?"

	"It's a figure of speech, ya gorgeous frying pan, you."

	"But—..."  Roarke grunted in frustration.  "Rainbow?!  What are you—?"

	"Shhhhh..."  Rainbow backtrotted and rested a hoof on Roarke's shoulder.  With her other hoof, she pointed at the diagram in the dirt.  "Look at this."

	"Hmmm?"

	"Do you recognize it?"

	Roarke's lenses pistoned out as far as they could go.  Carefully, she studied the symbol:





	What the metal mare saw was a pair of curved lines, vertical parabolas or half-ellipses that faced one another.  In the center of the diagram and between the curves were two small circles, one positioned above the other.  Adding to the overall symmetry of the diagram were four more circles, two on each outer side, positioned at the beginning and ending points of the curved lines.

	"It... is certifiably random," Roar