
	"Gah!  Double-header!"  Rainbow giggled and draped her neck against Roarke's shoulder as her wings flapped.  "Hehehehe... I'm digging this already."

	"In that case, so am I."

	"Mmmmmhmmm..."

	The two leaned against each other in silence.

	At last, Rainbow gulped and spoke in a quiet voice.  "Roarke... whatever this glowy-light business is... I-I'm going to get to the bottom of it, okay?"

	"I believe you."  Roarke's lenses retracted.  "Why so emphatic about it?"

	"I mean... in case you're... in case you were feeling—"

	Roarke raised a hoof and rested it around the back of Rainbow's neck.  "Not any longer."

	Rainbow stared at her with glossy eyes.  She smiled sweetly, murmuring "Good" in a breathless tone.  She made herself weightless, allowing Roarke to draw her closer so that she nestled herself tightly against the nape of Roarke's neck.

	Which gave the metal mare the opportunity she needed to exhale heavily through her nostrils, bestowing the bulkheads behind Rainbow Dash a tight, pale expression.

	
		//------------------------------//
		// The Journey?  Or the Destination?		//------------------------------//

	"I've flown around in many pretty circles, but—I'm tellin' ya, lassie—I haven't had much luck in recruiting brave ponies to our cause!"

	"Really?"  Props leaned in towards the microphone of her communications array.  "Why is that?"

	"Yer a smart girl!  Do I really have to explain it to ya, Propsicle?"  Prowse's voice echoed across the bulkheads of the engine room.  "It's a wee bit hard to trot up to random equines and say, 'Oy, there's a distant kingdom under threat from a shape-shifting death queen.  Would ya kindly mind trottin' on board my dead friend's manaship so we could get the drop on her now that her drones have skipped off to oblivion?!'"

	Zaid cleared his throat.  "Well, when you put it that way..."

	"Where've you been seeking help, Unky Prowsy?" Props asked.  "Pleast don't say Gray Smoke."

	"Ach, no!  Them buggers can choke on their own farts for all I care!  I've been makin' me flights around eastern Luxmare!  But, with peace bein' the new big thing'n'all now, it's tough to talk ponies into fightin' for something on a continent far away!"

	"You sure of that?"  Zaid smirked.  "That continent has its fair share of idiots."

	"Aye, and you speak from experience, don't ya, laddie?"

	Props frowned.  "Hey!  Don't be so snippy with Zaidy Waidy!"

	"With who?"

	Props suddenly blushed.  Her blue eyes blinked.  "Uhhhh... uhhhhmm..."

	The microphone whined as Zaid leaned over and tilted it towards his muzzle.  "Ahem.  How about taking a right turn and giving the Xonans a shot?"

	"Ehhh?"

	Zaid shrugged.  "If those dudes could believe a big glowy doom dragon was their goddess incarnate, they'll believe anything!  I'd say have a go!"

	"Hmmm... I haven't seen any of those tattooed blokes since I dropped off Arcshod and his Queen.  But, now that I think about it, that could very well be the best plan."

	"There ya go!"  Zaid turned and smirked at Props.  "That time I was speaking from experience."

	Props grinned back.

	Prowse's voice crackled:  "How about your journey, lassie?  For a solid week there, I couldn't reach you for the life of me!  Had me worried sick!"

	"Erm... y-yeah."  Props grinned nervousy.  "I'm soooooo super sorry about that, Unky Prowsy.  We had to make a detour into this realllllllly snazzy crater for Rainbow Dash's sake.  But we're out of it and we're on our way to Val Roa again."

	"You made a detour for Rainbow Dash, huh?"

	"Yup yup yup!"

	"Lemme tell you something, lassie..."  A crackling sound, and then Prowse's voice became suddenly clearer.  "When it comes to that spritely haired pony of yours, there ain't no such thing as a 'detour.'  The way I see it—she saved all of our lives back in Stratopolis.  She is the journey.  Stick to her like soot and you'll be just fine."

	"Don't you worry one bit!" Zaid said with a grin.  "We're clinging to Rainbow Dash every wing-flap of the way!  Especial