heir toll on me.  I was just catching my breath."

	"For ten minutes?"  Roarke frowned.  "It's doing more than that, Rainbow.  It's paralyzing you."

	"Well, look at it this way..."  Rainbow smiled dazedly at her.  "At least it cures my insomnia!"

	Roarke said nothing.

	"... yeesh, I wish you could take your metal eyes off more often." Rainbow gulped.  "It's getting hard to tell when you're glaring or not."

	"You are right to suspect my ire," Roarke said.  "It is not right to play off your condition."

	"Hey... who's playing it off?" Rainbow remarked with a weak shrug.  "It totally sucks.  I know this too well, girl."  She sighed, leaning into Roarke's embrace.  "Timing couldn't be worse."

	"How do you mean?"

	"Mrmmff..."  Rainbow closed her eyes.  "Do I really need to explain it?"

	Roarke bit her lip.  She glanced back at the fallen bowl of food, then up at the hammocks.  Holding her breath, she lifted Rainbow and placed her into the lower net, laying her body out so that she could rest comfortably.

	"Ah jeez..."  Rainbow grimaced slightly.  "Next, you'll be singing me lullabyes or something."

	"You are still too weak to move?"

	"I... uh..."  Rainbow stirred and stirred.  She gulped.  "I could use a few more minutes before I get my fuel back, I guess."

	"This is not a good thing, Rainbow," Roarke said.  "Your spells are getting worse."

	"Mmmm... don't I know it?"  Rainbow sighed, staring towards the bulkheads.  "Thanks for being so swell to me, Roarke.  Really.  I just..."  She paused to yawn.  "...n-need a little more time, and then I'll be back in action.  You'll see."

	"And when your next attack comes," Roarke said.  "How long will it take you to get 'back in action' then?"

	"Hrmmmff... I dunno..."  Rainbow curled up, her eyes shutting.  "I think I'll sleep on it."

	Roarke sighed and hung her head.

	"Roarke...?"

	The mare looked up.

	Rainbow murmured, "If things weren't this crazy bad, I want you to know that nothing would have changed between us."  She gulped.  "Don't you ever think that you're... th-that you're just some sort of last resort."

	Roarke's lips pursed.  Her ears folded back as she trotted forward and rested a hoof on Rainbow's shoulder.  "I believe you completely..."

	"Good," Rainbow said.  A smile crossed her muzzle as she drifted off to sleep.  "So... don't be so stiff.  Relax a little.  Let your hair out..."  Another yawn.  "Mmmm... b-beautiful scarlet hair..."  And she was slumbering.

	Roarke stood their, her hoof lingering on Rainbow's shoulder.  She stared silently into the metal bulkheads.



	"And if color wheel boomer succumbs to the glimmer shimmer, what then?" Floydien asked, glancing towards the rear of the cockpit as the day beyond the windshield came to a dull end.  "Nancy Jane and fellow boomers have much to work work."

	"There's no telling when or where it will happen, but we have to come to grips with the reality of the situation." Roarke swiveled about, staring across the cockpit at the other three.  "Rainbow Dash's end is coming soon.  We must do something about it."

	"Roarke..."  Bellesmith fidgeted, clearing her throat.  There was no hiding the wavering tone in her voice, much less the tears welling up in her eyes.  "Roarke, Pilate and I have carried the weight of this fact for a long, long time.  And as much as we wish for the better, we both know that—in the end—there is nothing we can do."

	"So, as her best friends, you are willing to abandon her to her fate?" Roarke said.

	"We are not abandoning her to anything," Pilate said with a frown.  "Maybe there's more flame out there in the machine world that will give Rainbow Dash her strength back.  Maybe the fate of the Austraeoh means for her to be 'reborn' again.  There's simply no way for anypony to tell.  Not us and certainly not her."

	"We have to accept the fact that..."  Belle choked back a sob.  "Th-that one of these days, our options will run out.  And then... th-then..." She held a hoof over her muzzle as she shivered.

	Pilate leaned