 the cockpit again.  "Fifteen degrees to the north!  Port side!"

	"That is one elusive glimmer shimmer!"

	"Since when did you chart the stars with a space elk?" Rainbow droned.

	"How about now, Rainbow?" Roarke asked.

	"Roarke!  For pete's sake!"  Rainbow sat up, fidgeting.  "Just what is going—"

	Thwump!  Roarke shoved Rainbow back down into the hammock.  She leaned in, her metal lenses pistoning outward coldly.  "You will tell me when it is centered.  Do you understand?"

	Rainbow gawked at her.  She gulped and said with a cracking voice, "Just a tinnnnnny hair to the right."

	"Floydien!  Five degrees to the south once more!"

	The Noble Jury pivoted slightly.

	"There... uh..."  Rainbow pointed a weak forelimb straight forward.  "We're lined up, now."

	"Are you sure?"

	"I... I-I guess so..."

	"Hrmmm..."  Roarke took a deep breath.  At last, she trotted over to the crawlspace and shouted up, "Stay on course!  Do not meander north or south from this direction unless I tell you to!"

	"Whatever the megaphone boomer says!

	"But Roarke..."  Rainbow winced from where she lay in the hammock.  "Val Roa is—"

	"Not our priority right now.  You are."  Roarke trotted up to the hammock and stared at the pegasus.  "Don't mistake my actions for single-hearted heroism.  I have the will of the entire crew backing me up."

	Rainbow shrugged.  "I wasn't assuming anything."

	Roarke's pistons retracted.  "...oh."  She tilted her head down.

	Rainbow gulped and produced a nervous smile.  "But... uhhhh... that's really swell of you, Roarke, to be thinking of me."

	"Indeed..."

	"But... for Celestia's sake!"  Rainbow's brow furrowed.  "What is this going to accomplish?"

	Roarke pointed out the window.  "Something out there has a connection with you.  If, perhaps, you are indeed destined to be Austraeoh, then helping you attain it might assist in your well-being."

	"Roarke, I dunno if anypony's told you, but I'm infected with a bunch of chaos crap."  Rainbow clenched her jaw.  "I was dying long before I figured out any of this Austraeoh stuff and I'll be dead long after."

	"Then you have given up?"

	"No!"  Rainbow sighed.  "I didn't say that.  It's just that Val Roa is insanely important and I've put it off for too long!  Now's not the best time to be flying after a wild goose chase.  I wanna know that I died doing something that mattered—"

	"Even if that meant denying your own purpose?"

	Rainbow blinked.  "Huh?"

	"Do you believe it's a complete coincidence that you stumbled upon Stratopolis, the remains of Commander Hurricane, and Sword of Solstice all within a short frame of time?"

	Rainbow simply gawked at Roarke.  "Uhhh... uhhmm..."

	Roarke leaned forward.  "And do you think the harmonic end to the Ledomaritan conflict could have been accomplished without you?  Or the illumination of the Durandanans?  Or the—"

	"Roarke..." Rainbow gulped.  "What do you believe in?"

	Roarke stopped dead in mid-speech.

	Rainbow raised an eyebrow, staring at her.

	Roarke leaned back on her haunches.  After a long breath, she said, "I believe that going to Val Roa will be pointless without you."

	"Heh..."  Rainbow slumped back in her hammock.  "I see..."

	Roarke hung her head.  "And the same can be said of many... other th-things..."

	Rainbow turned her head towards her.

	Roarke sat in melancholic silence.

	Rainbow smiled weakly.  "I thought I'd be dead before I ever heard you buying into all this 'Austraeoh' stuff."

	Roarke took a dee breath, nodding.  "It c-certainly is close enough..."

	Rainbow bit her lip.  She closed her eyes with a sigh.  "Roarke..."

	"You should get some more rest."  Roarke turned around to leave the observation room.  "Thank you for your assistance in plotting a new—"

	"We picked a lousy time to kiss each other, didn't we?"

	Roarke's body froze.  Her ears folded back.  Slowly, she pivoted about, shuffled back towards the hammock, and nuzzled her cheek up against Rainbow's.

	Rainbow's face flushed as sh