e reveled in the soft, fuzzy gesture.

	Roarke finished by running a hoof through Rainbow's mane and gazing straight way at her.  "...does that answer your question?"

	Rainbow gulped.  "In sp-spades," she sputtered.

	"My faith in you is not a trivial thing," Roarke said in a firm tone.  "You have transformed my life from a metal-cased corpse into something that lives and breathes.  If miracles can happen once, then surely they can happen again."

	"Heh..."  Rainbow smirked.  "And I like the way you squeak when I featherstroke your hooves."

	Roarke opened her mouth, lingered, then muttered with rosyc heeks, "I concede to your superior statement of affection."

	"Heeheehee!"  Rainbow clutched her blue tummy as she smiled.  "Dang straight, you do."

	Roarke's lips almost curved, but a sudden paleness overwhelmed her.  She stared shudderingly towards the side.

	"Hey..."

	Roarke looked up.

	Rainbow gave her a thin-eyed grin.  "You're pretty cool, y'know... shoutin' orders like that.  Getting the Noble Jury to follow you."

	"As I said, this is a coordinated effort, Rainbow—"

	"Horseapples!  You know how long it took Floydien to take a direct command from me?  Face it, you're a natural-born leader."

	"Rainbow—"

	"You're the Jury's natural born leader, and if I should—"

	Roarke braced Rainbow's shoulders with both hooves.  "You should concentrate on feeling better."  Her lenses rotated.  "Relax now and save your strength for whatever it is we might find when we reach the symbol you see."

	"Roarke, we don't even know how far away the dang thing is."

	"Which is why I've ordered Floydien to be as swift as he can."

	"Heh... ya see?"  Rainbow smirked.  "You're totally on top of the game."

	Roarke gulped and nodded.  "I've had divine inspiration."

	"You know what?  I believe you."

	Silence.

	"I... am sorry for having to wake you," Roarke muttered.  She shuffled backwards on her hooves.  "I had better check on the rest of the ship."

	"Really?"

	"I... I believe..."

	"They can handle themselves for a while, Roarke..."  Rainbow fought a wave of dizziness and stammered, "Don't ya think?"

	Roarke bit her lip.  "Then... then what am I to do...?"

	Rainbow blinked, her eyes lighting up.  "Stay here with me?"

	Roarke stared back at her.  She glanced at the hammock, then back at Rainbow.  At last, she stood up on her hind quarters and slid her forelimbs under Rainbow.

	The pegasus rocked awkwardly in the hammock.  "Uhhhh... uhhhhh—Roarke—?"

	With sudden grace, Roarke slid herself into the hammock beside Rainbow.  She shimmed and squirmed until she was lying against the net with Rainbow's back reclining against her.

	"Whoah..." Rainbow wheezed.

	"There..."  Roarke spoke as the hammock slowly rocked to a stop.  "Is that not more agreeable?"

	"Oh..."  Rainbow gulped.  "I agree.  Heh... I agree whole-heartedly."  Rainbow glanced at the net with a slight giggle.  "I-I'm just killing myself on the inside, trying to figure out how you did it."

	"Mmmmmm..."  Roarke's forelimbs wrapped around Rainbow from behind.  "...pegasi are not the only equines with poise and grace."

	"Me?  Poise?  Grace?"  Rainbow chuckled and leaned her head back against Roarke's chin.  "If you say so, girl..."

	"I will stay here as long as you wish me to," Roarke said.  She leaned down to nuzzle Rainbow's ear.  "Be it a long flight or not."

	Rainbow gulped.  "Yeah... that's..."  She exhaled with a squeaky voice, "That's cool..."

	Roarke's brow furrowed.  "Uhm... Rainbow?  Is there something wrong with your—?"

	"Just don't mention 'em!" Rainbow blurted, her cheeks blood red.  "They'll... uh... th-they'll relax soon.  I promise."

	Roarke cocked her head to the side.  "Ah... I see..."  Her lips curved slightly as she stroked Rainbow's mane.  "I understand now why you were never on your back the other night."

	Rainbow wheezed and murmured, "Th-they're not as fragile as you think."

	"Is that an invitation?"

	"Uhhhhh... uhhhh..."  Rainbow gulped.  "I.