.. th-thought the whole point of this was for me to relax."

	"But of course..."  Roarke kissed the top of Rainbow's head and held her closely.  "I promise you, one way or another, you will get to your destination safely."

	Rainbow sighed with a bittersweet breath.

	"Do you not believe me?" Roarke murmured.

	"It's not that," Rainbow said.  "Just... being here... like this?"  She closed her eyes and nuzzled Roarke's chest from behind.  "...I almost don't care what happens to us."

	Snap!

	The hammock broke from the weight of the two.

	Fwump!

	The two landed on the floor in the exact position as they had dangled, with Roarke clutching Rainbow from behind.

	As the metal mare's lenses rattled to a stop, Rainbow blinked dumbly towards the ceiling.

	"... ... ...then again... ow."

	Roarke bit her lip.

	"...snkkkt—heeheehee!" Rainbow curled up in Roarke's embrace.

	Roarke exhaled.  Her lips closed as she held Rainbow close.  Soon, a dry chuckling sound escaped her mouth, joining Rainbow's squeaky chorus.
		//------------------------------//
		// There Be a White Nancy		//------------------------------//

	Days later, Ebon Mane woke up early.  He trotted across the mess hall of the Noble Jury—yawning to himself—and made his way into the kitchen.  Once inside, he started cracking eggs and preparing an omelette.  Thinking of Josho, he decided to make some pancackes on the side for good measure.  It was an altogether pleasant morning, and he hummed a tune to himself as he went through the regular motions.

	Things changed when he reached for a bottle of syrup from storage.  His body jolted suddenly.  He wheezed, feeling breathless, and teetered hard to his side.  Pots and pans fell to the floor, and the stallion soon followed them.

	"Ooof!"  Ebon winced, hugging himself as he felt a burning sensation surge through his figure.  His eyes clenched shut, tearing, and he felt as if thunder was roaring against the walls of his skull.  As the agonizing seconds rolled by, the thunder took on a form, almost resembling a voice.  Before he could hear what was being said, he sensed a pulse of light from beyond his lids.

	Ebon opened his eyes.  He sensed a faint green glow around him, glinting off the kitchen equipment.  He realized that a reflective metal pan was to his right.  He pivoted his head, looking.  A pair of green orbs levitated just in front of his face.  When he blinked, the orbs dimmed and turned bright again.  Then, slowly, the green light faded, and Ebon was gazing at the reflection of a frightened, sweating stallion.

	Slowly, he stood up, clutching himself as he shivered.  "M... m-mother..."  He blinked at himself, surprised at the suddeny utterance.  Sniffling, he remained huddled there in the kitchen, leaning a cabinet as his lungs hyperventilated.



	"How long did it last?" Eagle asked.

	Ebon bit his lip, curled up atop the cot in the cabin across from him.  "Not... not long.  Seconds, maybe."  He gulped.  "But it felt like forever."

	"You felt like you were burning on the inside?"

	"Yeah..."  Ebon nodded, his eyes quivering and frightened.  "At f-first, I thought I was having maybe a heart attack... or a stroke.  But it's not like any sort of sensation I've ever known about before.  Something really scary took over me.  And, what's more, I swear I saw a light..."

	Eagle Eye cocked his head to the side.  "A light?"

	Ebon nodded.

	Eagle shuffled over to the cot.  "What kind of light?"

	"Bright.  Green.  All around me."

	"Green?"

	"Or..."  Ebon's eyes narrowed.  "Or perhaps it was inside of me."  He tilted his head up and stared at Eagle with a quivering lip.  "And the only reason I sensed it everywhere was that it was all I could see!"

	"That's..."  Eagle fidgeted where he stood.  "That's rather odd..."

	"That isn't the end of it," Ebon said.  "I... I had this loud rumbling in my ear.  Only, it wasn't just noise... it was a voice."

	"A voice?"

	Ebon nodded and nodded.  "I'm sure of it.  It was speaking to me.  Commanding me."

	