"Commanding you?"  Eagle ran a hoof through his mane and fought to keep from shivering.  "Commanding you to do what?"

	"I... I don't know..."  Ebon whimpered slightly.  "But... b-but as soon as the worst of it was over, I... felt her..."

	"Huh?"

	"I sensed her.  I smelled her.  It's like I could crawl into her arms and be safe... and yet I was so scared, Eagle.  It shocked me to my core..."

	"Who are you talking about?"

	Ebon exhaled.  "My mother..."  He clenched his teeth.  "I swear, it feels like—for the first time in forever—she's actually trying to find me.  And... and I-I've never experienced that before!  And yet I have!  And... and it's so confusing..."

	Eagle said nothing.

	"Eagle...?"  Ebon sniffled, his eyes wattering up.  "EE, I'm frightened..."

	"Oh, Ebon..."

	The stallion covered his eyes.  "What's happening to me n-now?!  What more do I h-have to deal with?!  I can't stand it!"

	Eagle slid up on the cot and held Ebon close.  "You're safe.  You're with me.  You've got nothing to worry about."

	"But wh-what's happening, then?!"  Ebon sobbed quietly, burying his muzzle in Eagle's shoulder.  "H-how can I be a reliable cook and Jurist if something like this is to happen again?"

	"Whatever it is, you've fought your way past it!"  Eagle smiled encouragingly.  "If you had to, I'm sure you'd overcome it again!"

	Ebon hiccuped and raised his puffy eyes to look into Eagle's.  "But... wh-what makes you so certain it will happen again?"

	Eagle instantly paled.  His ears folded back.

	Ebon saw it.  He looked frightened.  "EE...?"

	Eagle took a deep breath.  "Ebon, I..."

	Ebon stared, his eyes moist and glistening.

	Eagle swallowed a lump down his throat.  His voice wavered as he said, "There's something I-I've been meaning to tell you.  You must understand, that n-no matter how crazy this sounds, I love you for who you are... no matter what..."

	"Huh...?"  Ebon squirmed, leaning forward.  "What is it?"

	"You see, Ebon..."  Eagle winced.  "You... uh... uhm... you're a—"

	CRACKKK!  Out of nowhere, a gigantic three-pronged barb about the size of a pony smashed its way through the outer hull of the Jury, embedding into the stallions' chamber and coming to a violent stop just inches from their bodies.

	"Gaaaaaaah!" Ebon threw himself into Eagle's embrace.

	"Whoah!"  Eagle teetered, toppled, and fell out of bed with Ebon.  "Holy s—" THUD!



	The entire ship was still shaking by the time Props regained her balance.  She stood up, shaking the cobwebs out of her head.  When she looked up, her goggles reflected over a dozen leaks in the steam pipes.

	"Fuzzlecrap!"  She swiped a wrench up in her teeth and galloped into action.  The lavender glow of the caged book splattered her body with kaleidoscopic wipes as she tightened one pipe after another.

	As the steam died down, Zaid stumbled into the engine room from next door navigation, coughing and waving the mists out from before his muzzle.  "Whew!  It's like a fish factory down here!  Blondie, you okay?!"

	"Mrmmf—mmfmfrff!"  Props tightened two more pipes and turned her head towards him.  Ptooie!  "I-I dunno what happened, Zaidy Waidy!  Something shook all the pipes loose!"

	"We've been hit!" Zaid spat.

	"We have?!"

	"At least that's what Floydien said!"

	"Yeah!"  Props swung her way to another set of pipes and began banging away.  "But by what?!"



	"Kera!  Darling!"  Bellesmith hissed from across the mess hall.  "Keep your head down!"

	"But I see something out there!"  Kera chirped, standing atop a chair as the ship shook and wobbled.  Through the porthole, she spotted log cabins, wooden walkways, and crude towers.  "It's a village!  Why would a village attack us?!"

	"I don't know!"  Belle wheezed, motioning from where she squatted beside the couches in the lounge.  "Now get over here!"

	Kera scampered over, bright-eyed.  "How could a village attack us?!"



	"She's not falling!" an earth pony in wooden armor shouted from the rooftop of a two-story building. 