 He lowered his binoculars and shouted across the town.  "Ready cannon two!"

	Across the street, a half-dozen earth ponies were turning and twisting the valves of a complicated, wood-mounted ballista.  The barbs of the weapon's iron tip glistened from the overcast sky.  Slowly, it tilted up from the ponies' collective labors and aimed at the Noble Jury above the treetops.

	"I don't understand!" a young, frightened stallion stammered in the moist, alpine air.  "That's the first time we ever hit her directly!  Wouldn't it have killed her?!"

	"She's obviously made of stronger stuff than we imagined, Keebroo," a grizzled old stallion said as he pulled at a coarse rope and tightened the ballista in place.  "Grnnngh... but if you were there at the campsite like I was when it got torn off the face of the friggin' earth, then you wouldn't be any least bit surprised."

	"But Drakshaa, seriously!"  Keebroo shivered in his armor.  "How can she take a javelin to the ribs and still live?!"

	"Enough dayum chatter!"  Drakshaa tilted his head and shouted over the other grunting ponies.  "Hey Booster!  Is the angle right?!"

	Situated atop a wooden tower in the corner of the village, a golden-blonde stallion stared through a pair of face-mounted spyglasses.  He licked his lips, leaning precariously forward on the edge of the lofty platform.  "Almost there... coming around... like sky butter, yesssss..."

	"Dammit, Booster!" Drakshaa shouted louder.  "Snap out of it!"

	Booster jerked nervously and raised his goggles.  "Huh?!"  His hazel eyes blinked.

	"Can we friggin' hit her again or not?!"

	"Raise it a little!" Booster shouted.  "When she comes swooping, she'll have to raise her head up to blow fire!  We can skewer her snout!"

	"And that'll kill her for good, right?!"

	"Well... technically, with its superior immune system being resilient to volatile infections—"

	"Will it kill her or not?!"

	"There's only one way to find out!"

	"You heard the geek!"  Drakshaa spat at the others.  "Raise her up!  We're gonna skin her alive by nightfall or else I'm a donkey's uncle!"

	The ponies heaved and labored to tilted the ballista higher.



	Eagle Eye stumbled up the stairwell, panting for breath.  He came out onto the top deck—sliding towards the port side with a gasp.  He hadn't anticipated the ship to lean so precariously.  Just before the petite unicorn could plummet over the railing—

	"Hey now!"  Josho caught him with his telekinetic field and hoisted the stallion to his side.  "I'd never figured you to suck at ballet."

	"What in the h-hay is going on around here?!" Eagle stammered, clutching his shield.

	"Some spit-sucking boomer shot a dagger through Floydien's beloved Nancy Jane!" shouted the elk from the cockpit.

	"Yes, dammit, we know!  Stick your antlers back up your butt" Josho hollered back.  As the ship teetered on its circular course, he pointed over the side.  "The javelin was fired from somewhere down there in Squalortown.  We must have been passing over the village when some smartass decided to play target practice."

	"But... wh-why hit us?!" Eagle stammered.

	"I don't know..."  Josho pumped his shotgun.  "But I know a fat bastard who can hit back."

	Rainbow and Roarke stumbled out of the cockpit.

	"How bad is it?" Josho asked.

	"The weight of the javelin is worse than the rupture it's caused," Roarke said.  "It's weighing us towards the port and making it hard to fly straight."

	"Otherwise, it seems like we're all okay," Rainbow said.

	"'Okay?!'"  Eagle Eye barked.  "That dang thing nearly impaled Ebon!"

	Josho smirked.  "It's about dayum time something did, huh?"

	"Tchh... old stallion..."

	"The question is, will they fire again?" Rainbow said, squinting at the village.

	"You would even ask that?"  Roarke jerked her neck.  A spark ran down her body, causing dark plates to extend from every length of metal reinforcement.  "If ponies can construct one killer instrument, then nothing will stop them from making one hundred."

	"Nanc