loydien,” the mare grumbled, teeth chattering in the brisk wind as she hugged herself.  “What is it?  Where’s Rainbow Dash?”

    “Hmmmff…”  The elk turned and pointed out onto the open deck.  “Follow the shimmer glimmer.”

    “Mmm?”  Belle turned, blinking.  Her brow furrowed.

    Rainbow Dash hovered just a few feet above Pilate.  The zebra sat on folded limbs, a thick blanket stretched over his figure.  A pale spotlight hung magically over the two, twinkling with lunar energy.

    “Bonjour!”  Rainbow Dash said with a wave.  “And all that fancy crap.  How kind of you to join us, Ding Dong.”

    “Join… you…?” Belle heard a clanking sound.  She spun and looked down.

    Floydien was climbing down the crawlspace.  Not only that, but he was cranking a valve on the inside, thus shutting a metal lid at the top of the vertical chamber.

    “Mr--”  Belle did a double-take.  “Are… are you shutting me outside?”

    “Bite your spittaker!  This is to keep out the cold!”  Floydien frowned.  “Chestnut boomerette shouldn’t be so ridiculous!”  A beat.  Floydien nod.  “But yes yes yes, mostly just you.”  Clank!  The hatch to the Jury’s interior shut behind him.

    Belle blinked, her lips pursed.

    ”Bellesmith, I presume…” a voice carried elegantly along the wind.

    The mare shuddered.  Spinning about, she gulped and murmured, “Princess Luna, Your Highness?”

    A light chuckle lit the cold air.  “Close, but not quite.  My beloved sister has been gracious enough to allow me an evening to speak to Rainbow Dash and her friends.”

    Belle’s pupils shrank.  “Pr-Princess Celestia…?” she stammered.

    ”In the spirit, at least.  It pleases me to speak with such close friends to my royal subject.  Rainbow Dash tells me that we have a lot to talk about tonight…”

    Belle squinted.  She looked at Pilate, whose head was bowed towards the deck, then at Rainbow Dash, who was smirking proudly.

    With a gulp, the mare muttered, “Did she, now…?”

		//------------------------------//
		// Talking Sense With a Princess		//------------------------------//

	"Come on, Belle."  Rainbow motioned with her windblown mane.  "Have a seat."

	Bellesmith took a deep breath.  Eyes darting left and right, she trotted forward until she was within the penumbra of the moon's glow.  As she sat down, her gaze fell on Pilate.

	The zebra's ears twitched slightly to her shuffling limbs, but otherwise he gave no indication of having noticed her approach.  His head remained bowed towards the top deck, his folded limbs curled tightly under a thick blanket.

	"I just got finished telling Princess Celestia about the ponies we've picked up recently," Rainbow Dash said.  "Not just Prowse and Elma, but Zaid as well."

	"You are surrounded by very intriguing characters," the regal voice said, drifting through the enchanted air.  "Not to mention very novel and talented."

	"Yes," Belle said, nodding slightly.  "We are... a varied bunch."

	"And no doubt very cooperative, in spite of those differences."

	Belle said nothing.  She kneaded the ends of her hooves against the deck below.

	"Belle wouldn't be able to tell you much about Prowse and Elma, Your Highness," Rainbow said, staring the mare's way.  "Seeing as she hasn't taken the opportunity to talk with them yet."

	Belle glanced up and squinted at her.

	"All good things come in time," Princess Celestia's voice said.  "At least such is my experience."

	"Time carries with it many other things," Pilate suddenly droned.

	Belle's ears folded upon hearing that.

	Rainbow Dash fidgeted in midair, darting her head left and right between her two friends.  She eventually cleared her voice and said, "Celestia and Luna happen to know a few things about the creatures we saw over in Seclorum's encampment.  Isn't that right, Celestia?"

	"Most certainly," Princess Celestia said.  "As my sister already conveyed to Rainbow Dash, there's a race of equine beings 