y Jane can't fly fast enough at this rate to avoid more rust glimmer!" Floydien shouted once more.

	"Right..."  Josho trotted towards the ship's edge and aimed his rifle.  "So, let's let them rust first."

	"Josho, wait!"  Rainbow hissed, wings outstretched.  "I didn't come out all this way to draw blood from complete strangers!"

	"Pfft!"  Josho smirked while squinting.  "What do I look like, a nurse?"



	"Why isn't she diving towards us, yet?" Keebroo asked.

	"The hell should we care?!" Drakshaa slapped a valve in place and yelled across the town.  "Booster!  We're good to go!  You give the signal—"

	KAPOW!  A single blast sent metal bits soaring through the front wooden support of the ballista.  With a loud groaning sound, the barb slumped forward on its own weight and crashed through several feet of lumber.

	Villagers dove off the roof—screaming in fright—and fell into the thick muddy streets below.

	Keebroo shrieked as he and Drakshaa tumbled onto an awning, tore through, and fell to the ground below.

	Atop his tower, Booster winced.  He clung to the railing as the structure wobbled from the vibrations of the javelin impacting the earth two buildings down.  He looked up at the Noble Jury, his goggles slick from a fresh drizzle of rain.

	Suddenly, the stallion gasped.  "It's... it's not her..."

	Meanwhile, Drakshaa was disentangling himself from Keebroo's shivering body.  "Rrrrgh!  That tears it!"  He stomped through the mud and hollered to every doorfront.  "To arms!  It's now or never!  Grab every crossbow and torch you have!"

	With a collective roar, dozens of ponies charged out of the town hall, drug store, and nearby apartments.  Worried mares and foals watched from inside as their husbands, fathers, and brothers charged into the street and formed a courageous phalanx as the Noble Jury came around.

	"Get her in your sights, boys!" Drakshaa spat as Keebroo stumbled to join the ranks.  "Let's let her pay for all the silver we've lost!  It's her blood or ours!"

	Several ponies shouted in fury, filling the air with thunder.

	Booster nervously tried yelping over the volume of their voices.  "Guys!  It's not her!  It's an airship!  There are ponies inside!"  He gritted his teeth.  "Darn it!"  Hoisting a wrench in two hooves, he hoisted it over a metal cable and zip-lined down into the middle of the village.

	As he did so, four bodies descended from the Noble Jury.  Rainbow Dash carried Roarke while Eagle Eye and Josho drifted the height of three stories with their telekinesis. As soon as all four landed, they charged directly into the village.

	The villagers followed Drakshaa's lead, charging straight at them.

	"Whoah!"  Eagle Eye's voice cracked, his eyes reflecting a wall of angry muzzles.  "I don't think they're happy to see us?!"

	"We've handled worse!" Rainbow barked.  "Remember—knock them out!  Neutralize!  I don't want anypony getting killed!"

	"Tell that to them," Roarke grunted.

	"Roarke..."

	"Here they come!"  Josho cracked the joints in his neck and aimed his rifle.

	Before the two parties could slam into one another, Booster leapt in the center, slid in the mud, and raised his forelimbs.  "STOPPPPPP!"

	Both groups skidded to a stop, breathless.

	Booster panted and panted.  At last, he turned and barked at Drakshaa.  "It's an airship!"

	Drakshaa tossed his raven black locks and squinted.  "Excuse me?"

	"It's an airship!  I saw it with my goggles!"  Booster tilted the article in question up to his brow and blinked.  "We hit an airship!  It's not her!"

	"Uh oh..."  Keebroo gulped.

	"Excuse me..."  Josho trotted forward, frowning.  "But what the hell, huh?!  What did we ever friggin' do to you guys?!"

	"We were just passing through!" Rainbow Dash added, gritting her teeth.  "If you didn't want us over your rooftops, you could have at least warned us!"

	"Please... forgive us..."  Booster spun and faced them.  "You have to understand!  We've never had an airship fly around these parts!  The only thing that's been