 flying around these parts is her!  We mistook you for her!"

	Roarke's lenses retracted.  She glanced quietly aside at Rainbow.

	"Her?"  Rainbow leaned her head to the side.  "Her, who?"

	Booster gawked at them.  "The... the dragon, of course."

	Josho scratched his head, then glanced at Rainbow Dash.

	Rainbow stared with thin eyes.  "A... dragon?"  She gulped.  "What dragon?"

	"Eewwwwwwwwwwwwww..."  Eagle winced, looking at his hooves with teary eyes.  "There's mud all over me..."
		//------------------------------//
		// Whelp, Better Late Than Never		//------------------------------//

	An old mare finished sipping from a smoking broth and lowered the wooden mug from her wrinkled muzzle.  She stared calmly across the torch-lit interior of the town's main hall.  "I, Merigold, have governed the ponies of Amulek for over four decades.  Not once did I ever dream that I'd be alive to see the twilight of our community.  But, alas, with each passing day, this place collapses harder and harder.  We've been refused access to our silver mines.  Our trade routes are constantly attacked and set on fire.  So many of our brothers and sisters have left, taking their families with them as they desperately seek new places to live.  Soon, the town of Amulek will be a ghost of the glory it once was, scarred by this... heartless invader from the mountains."

	Merigold stood up on aching limbs.  Drakshaa and Keebroo leaned in to help her, but she gently patted their hooves and trotted across the wooden floor on her own.  She passed dozens of families huddled all across the interior with their belongings, having taken shelter there for an untold number of days.

	"We used to be the leading provider of silver ore in this part of the valley.  For generations, the deposits found in our mines have supplied every community on this continent, ranging from the Alafreons in the west to the Val Roans in the east.  Even the Lounge have made peace with us, trading innumerable goods for a taste of our earthen supplies.  Over the years, we've developed an infallible reputation for ourselves and our work ethic.  I must admit, this has shaped the ego we maintain today.  It is a very sincere pride—but a stubborn one, and it has blinded us as of late."

	At last, Merigold came to a stop before the guests squatting at the end of the hall.

	"I wish I could properly convey my deepest regret over what we did to your ship... and almost to your crew as well."  She gulped.  "Each and every citizen in Amulek is a master craftspony.  I assure you, with my word as this town's governer, we will have your vessel back in immaculate shape without forcing you to adhere to any price.  Then, once you have everything patched up, we will send you on your way."

	Rainbow Dash, Bellesmith, Pilate, and Roarke looked on from where they sat.

	"That's... wonderfully nice of you to do," Belle said.

	"But—if I may..."  Rainbow Dash stood up.  "About this dragon..."

	"It's my fault," Booster spoke up, fidgeting.  "I was too busy trying to calculate the trajectory of the javelins!  I didn't even bother to think that we were dealing with something other than the dragon!  I—"

	"How could you?!"  Drakshaa snarled.  "Nopony's been dumb enough to fly through our skies since she began her rampage of destruction!"

	Keebroo spoke up.  "Drakshaa, they're clearly outsiders!  How could they have known?"

	"Who doesn't see the smoke rising from the mines every hour of every day?!"

	"To be perfectly fair, this place is kind of wet and foggy," Rainbow Dash said.

	"Huh?!"  Darkshaa frowned her way.  "What do you mean by that, winged freak?!"

	"She means this town is a filthy mudhole," Roarke spat.  Her lenses pistoned outward.  "And I'll make you wipe your flank with that tongue right after I rip it out, you trotting pile of defecation—"

	"Okaaaaaaaaaaaaay..."  Rainbow pressed a hoof to Roarke's shoulder, silencing her.  "Thanks for backing me up on the 'winged freak' thing, but rein it in some, girl."

	Roarke exhaled through her no