strils.  "I apologize."  She gulped.  "She and I are bonded now, you see—"

	Rainbow's eyes bulged.  "No need to announce it to the whole friggin' world," she hissed out the side of her muzzle.

	Roarke tilted her head up.  "Why not?"

	Rainbow face-hoofed.

	Belle grimaced awkwardly.

	Pilate cleared his throat and smiled calmly towards the crowd.  "We are... v-very much pleased that you have agreed to fix the damage caused to our ship, Ms. Merigold.  However, we can't help but notice that you seem intent on getting us on our way... and swiftly."  His metal brow furrowed.  "Tell me, have things become that dire?"

	"And I don't see how it's any of your business, striped one!" Drakshaa snarled.

	"Drakshaa, child..."  Merigold turned towards him with an aged glare.  "You will be polite to our guests.  They have suffered enough due to our negligence."

	"I still say they had no business flying here!"  Drakshaa folded his forelimbs as he sat on his haunches.  "Harumph!  Before all of this dragon business even started, we had total control of our airspace!"

	"Things have evidently changed, Drakshaa," Booster said.

	"I can't be the only pony ashamed of it!" He growled.  "Look how far we've fallen!  Now we're patching up foreign ships without seeing a single strip of payment out of it!  I'm telling you, at this point, the Green Bandits will roll in and claim this place as our own!  They'll turn it into a junkyard!"

	"Not with a dragon flying around, they won't," Keebroo said.  "Those goblins are too cowardly."

	"And I don't see you rushing out to fight that creature on any of Booster's expeditions!"

	Keebroo hung his head.  "I... k-kinda sorta like living."

	"And I like being proud of myself at the end of each day!"  Drakshaa punched his hooves together.  "Dammit, we need to call in support from the Val Roans!  Let's ice this dragon once and for all!"

	"That's proven to be rather difficult, Drakshaa," Booster said.  "We can never seem to catch the thing."

	"Yeah!  All that your stupid gizmos are good for is snagging down friendly airships!"

	"Stupid gizmos?!"

	"Silence!"  Merigold frowned.  "All of you!  This is not how ponies of Amulek should act!"

	The stallions hung their heads, looking towards the floor.  The nearby families shuddered and sat in silence.

	With a sigh, Merigold turned towards Rainbow Dash.  "Please forgive my citizens.  We have all been driven to our wit's end."  She gulped.  "Drakshaa, most of all, though he has his reasons..."

	"Hrmmmfff!"  The stallion angerly stomped out into the wet, gray drizzle of the town outside.

	"Yeah..."  Rainbow nodded, then turned back towards the village's governer.  "Just what slithered up his plot and died?"

	"He was the overseer of our mining operation," Merigold explained.  "Not a single pony died on his watch.  Then, suddenly, there was a leak in the mineshaft."

	Belle raised an eyebrow.  "A leak?"

	"To this day, we still don't know what happened," Booster explained.  "But one of our stallions must have pierced his way into a pocket of natural gas or steam or something.  Suddenly, the mineshaft started filling up with this dense, dense mist.  Drakshaa, being the responsible—albeit meatheaded—pony that he is, evacuated the mines immediately.  I was sent a week later to take samples of the steam and figure out what had contaminated the mines.  But..."  The blonde stallion gulped.  "...that's when she attacked us."

	"She came from the northern mountains," Keebroo nervously said.  "It's almost as if she was attracted to the mists coming out of the mines.  She attacked our expedition, destroyed our mining equipment, and completely wrecked the camps that we had put so much time and effort into setting up east of here."

	"Our entire mining operation has been grinded to a hault," Merigold said.  "At this point, it would take us months to get back on schedule.  We've been so desperate to reclaim our mines, that we've built dozens if not hundreds of weapons to combat this creature."

	"And yet, despi