te all of my technical know-how..."  Booster sighed.  "...nothing I build can take this creature down.  She keeps eluding us, taunting us, making regular attacks and driving us stir crazy."

	"By the Spark..."  Pilate leaned forward.  "Dare I ask... has there been any casualties?"

	"Uhhhhhm..."  Keebroo fidgeted.

	Rainbow blinked.  "'Uhhhhhm' what?"

	"By a sheer miracle, all of us are still alive," Merigold said.  She smiled slightly.  "It would seem as though luck smiles upon us in some fashion after all."

	"I've come really close to the dragon more than once," Keebroo said, shivering.  "I've nearly been roasted alive, and yet I'm still here today."

	"All things considered, I don't think the creature wants to devour any of us," Booster said.  "However, that doesn't change the fact that it's laid claim to our mines and it won't let go.  As long as it haunts those sites that once belonged to us, it continues to choke Amulek of what made us so prosperous over the last century!"

	"But, it's really not something you should be so freaked out about," Keebroo said with a nervous smile.  "Really, it's our bad for hitting your ship like you did.  Once we get you patched up, it's best that you high-tail it out of here and don't look back."

	"You can't be serious," Rainbow murmured.

	"I'm afraid that we are, child," Merigold said.  "Just look at us."  She gestured towards the melancholic families gathered around.  "We are without hope here.  We are without a future.  Until we finally slay that dragon—at who knows what cost—then we are helpless to salvage Amulek, and we are hardly appropriate hosts for innocent souls such as yourselvs."  She swallowed a lump down her throat.  "We're sorry that you ever got involved in the first place.  I promise you that we will send you off on your way shortly."

	"But... th-this is totally a big deal!" Rainbow's voice cracked.  "If you don't get rid of this dragon somehow, you might lose the town and your way of life!"

	"It's a fate we've all come to expect," Merigold remarked.  "We still hold faith that the next expedition or two that Booster leads might bring an end to the creature."

	"I've gotten so close to predicting its movements!" Booster passionately said.  "If I can only give it another shot, I just know that Drakshaa and I can take the thing down!"

	"Maybe what you need is some help in the right places!" Rainbow said.

	Roarke bit her lip.

	"Rainbow..."  Belle murmured.

	"That sounds most courageous, child," Amulek said.  "But unless you inexplicably had some experience in slaying dragons—"

	"As a matter of fact, I have!" Rainbow said.

	Keebroo did a double-take.  "You have?!"

	Merigold's eyes narrowed.  "How is such a thing possible?"

	Rainbow opened her mouth to explain—

	"Rainbow..."  Belle tugged on her tail.

	Rainbow sighed, raised her hooves to signal "time out," and turned towards her friends.  "Belle, you know what this means, right?"

	Belle whispered, "Rainbow, aren't you jumping the gun here, darling?"

	"In what way?"

	Pilate whispered, "This isn't Silvadel.  Neither is this Xona.  Your past aside, we're dealing with something that's completely out of my league."

	"And what if it isn't out of my league?" Rainbow exclaimed in a hoarse voice.  "What if this is the real deal?!"

	"Rainbow..."

	"What if this is Axan?!"

	Belle grimaced.  She glanced at Pilate.

	In a quiet but firm voice, Pilate said, "It does not make any sense.  Why would Axan fly ahead of us and plague an innocent group of ponies?"

	"She's never expressed any need for silver before, has she?" Belle remarked.

	"I don't understand it any more than you guys do!" Rainbow squeaked.

	"Then why are you making rash conclusions about it?"

	"Who's being rash?!  Pilate, Belle, these guys are in a crazy situation, and if there's even the remote possibility that Axan is connected, then I owe it to them to—"

	"You don't owe these ponies anything, Rainbow," Roarke said loudly, not bothering to whisper.

	"Turn it down