

	"In that case..."  Josho pumped his shotgun.  "The dayum fire lizard probably needs to be put down."

	"Oh, great..."  Rainbow rolled her eyes.  "A dying east horse and a dying death dragon, drawn together by fate."

	Eagle squirmed.  "Well, when you put it that way..."

	"Well, what the hell else are you going on the expedition to the mines for?!" Josho cackled.  "You don't plan to shake the dragon's hand, do you?"

	Rainbow Dash bit her lip.

	"The symbol is out there, right?"

	Everypony turned to look at Roarke.

	"The symbol," she calmly repeated.  "If you can't find the dragon, at least you can find out the source of what's broadcasting 'Yaerfaerda' to your eyes..."  Her lenses pistoned outward.  "Right, Rainbow Dash?"

	The pegasus sighed.  "It's too much of a wet sopping coincidence for both the symbol and a friggin' dragon to be here in the same place... waiting for me."

	"If we never had altered course from Val Roa, we never would have discovered this," Pilate said.  "If you ask me, Rainbow, pursuing this is the best possible thing you could be doing right now."

	"And does it have a best possible outcome?  Huh?"

	Pilate bit his lip.

	"Rainbow, are you getting any better?" Bellesmith quietly asked.  "I mean, in regards to the dizzy spells and—?"

	Rainbow shook her head.

	Belle's gaze fell slowly to the floor.  She fought a lump in her throat.

	"Well, I'm coming with you," Josho uttered.

	"You've said that three times already..."

	"I'm going too!"  Eagle Eye stood up.  "I mean... this is a job for me as much as for the old stallion.  There's no telling what horribad stuff we'll run into.  You'll need a good shield alongside the journey!"

	"Thanks, EE.  I appreciate it," Rainbow said.

	"It's best that I come as well," Roarke said.  She turned towards Rainbow Dash, meeting her gaze.  "My tools of the trade could be very useful."

	"That..."  Rainbow sighed and smiled gently.  "...would be really nice."

	"Then I think a good night's sleep is in order," Belle said.  "If nothing else..."  She rubbed a hoof along her brow.  "Nnnngh... we don't have to sit up all night, dwelling on this."

	"Don't worry, Ding-Dong," Rainbow said.  She touched down beside the mare and rested a forelimb on her shoulder.  "If Axan is behind all this, then she sure has some explaining to do."

	"Right..."  Belle squinted at her best friend.  "And if she refuses to?"

	Rainbow Dash clenched her teeth.  "I-I've put down a dragon before.  I... uh... I wouldn't hesitate to do it again."

	Silence.

	Josho grumbled, "Well, I'm coming with you—"

	"WE KNOW THAT ALREADY!"



	The next morning inside his cabin, Eagle Eye finished fitting on a leather sling.  He attached his shield to the back of it, adjusting it telekinetically and balancing the weight on his flank.  He took a deep breath, then turned and looked at the cot.

	Ebon sat on the bed's edge, clutching his skull and wincing.

	Worriedly, Eagle Eye squatted down and tilted the stallion's chin up.  "Hey... how are you doing...?"

	Ebon gritted his teeth.  "I... I-I can't explain it," he wheezed, eyes misty.  "It's like a ton of bricks keeps hitting my head.  Over and over and over again..."  He shuddered.  "If it weren't for you lying by my side, I'd never have gotten any rest last night."

	"I'm sure it'll pass," Eagle said with a weak smile.  "You've been through worse before.  Together, we'll get you through this."

	"I know... it's just..."  Ebon hugged himself, sniffling.  "It's a scary ride..."

	"I bet..."  Eagle clenched his jaw.  "Ebon... I-I wish that I could stay here with you all day.  But..."  He squeaked, "Rainbow, she... sh-she's brave and all, but I'm starting to feel with each morning that she hasn't much time with us left, and... and..."

	"Shhhh..."  Ebon reached out and patted Eagle's forelimb.  "I know, EE.  I know."  A bittersweet smile.  "She needs you more than ever right now.  I'm proud of this step you're taking."

	"I promise, no matter what..."  Eagle leaned in to nuzzl