e the other stallion.  "Whatever happens, I won't become an immortal dragon's barbeque."

	Ebon giggled breathily.  "You'd better not!  That'd make a really lame epitaph."

	"If I die, cremate me and mix my ashes into a bath shampoo."

	"Ewwww..."

	"Tell me about it."  Eagle touched noses with him.  "All the reason for me to come back alive."

	Ebon stared up at him proudly.  After a deep breath, his ears folded.  "I love you."

	Eagle's lips curved.  "I love you too."

	Silence.

	Slowly, Eagle turned, twisted the cabin door open, and trotted out into the main corridor of Noble Jury.

	As soon as he stood alone outside, his body slumped.  A grimacing expression crossed his features.  With glossy eyes, he nevertheless cleared his throat, pivoted towards the bow, and marched off to make an exit.  His shield clattered with each brave hoofstep he made.



	Roarke's hoof splashed into a deep puddle of mud.  She paused in her march and raised her forelimb, watching as the fresh rainwater dribbled off her metal braces.  She tilted her head back and stared at the misty treetops above the procession of ponies through the forest.

	"... ... ...I detest this place."

	"You know, for the first time..."  Eagle Eye trotted past the mare with a smile.  "...I think we're on the same page."

	"That is one severely soiled book," Roarke droned.

	"Awwwwww..."  Rainbow fluttered overhead, smirking.  "Would it make things easier if I carried you?"

	"No.  It wouldn't."

	"Please, stop grumbling."  Josho trotted by, trailing Eagle Eye.  Two dozen stallions marched loosely around them as they all trekked uphill.  "As if you've ever had a problem with Rainbow Dash on top."  Eagle giggled.

	"Hrmmmm..."  Roarke's ears folded back as she trudged on after the group.  "I'm murdering you two," she grumbled.  "Right after we murder this dragon."

	"Hey!"  Booster Spice smiled from what he overheard.  "Now that's the spirit!"

	"Can it, Booster," Drakshaa spat, using his thick muscles to pull a javelin launcher uphill through the forest.  "Rnnnnghh..."  He sweated and grunted.  "Every expedition before has failed.  I don't see how this one will end up any better."

	"That's because you've never had sheer awesomeness along for the ride!" Rainbow said.  "My buddies and I?  We've survived zeppelin battles, artillery bombardment, zombie hoardes—"

	"Foxes," Eagle added.

	"Foxes—wait... what?"  Rainbow did a double-take their way.

	"Didn't we tell you about the foxes?" Eagle Eye remarked.

	"Ohhhhhhhhh damn those foxes," Josho hissed.

	"Brrrrbrbrrr... right on, old stallion."  Eagle gulped.  "Scarred for life."

	"If you ask me, you ponies are full of it," Drakshaa sputtered.  "You were better off flying away in that crazy contraption of yours.  So if you all turn into smoldering embers, it ain't our fault."

	"But, according to your governess, Merigold, the dragon's not killed anypony yet!" Eagle Eye remarked.

	"Yeah.  It just likes to taunt us that way."  Drakshaa's sweaty face frowned.  "Scaley bastard."

	"You ever think that maybe the thing just wants to scare you off?" Eagle said.  "I mean, what's happened to your silver mines is terrible, but maybe it doesn't want to feast on pony flesh at all!  I mean, maybe it just—"

	"Hey!" Drakshaa shouted across the way to Josho.  "Fat unicorn!  Does your daughter here ever shut up?!"

	Eagle Eye did a double-take.  "Daughter?!"

	"Haah haah haah!"  Josho grinned wide.  "I'm starting to love this guy!"

	Rainbow giggled.

	"... ... ...she does have a nice mane," Roarke added in a dull tone.  "For a breeder."

	"Hmmmph!"  Eagle marched at a faster pace, upturning his nose.  "Well, at least some of us are trying to be serious!"

	"Awwwwwww... come on, princess!"  Josho marched quickly after him.  "Don't be like that!  Here, want a ride on P-Papa's sh-shoulders?  Snkkkkt-haahaahaa!"

	"Old stallion!  Quit it!"

	Rainbow rolled her eyes.

	"So... uhhh..."

	Rainbow glanced down.

	Keebroo glanced up at her while marchin