g up hill.  "You're not from around here, huh?"

	"I kinda sorta figured that was already established, bro."

	"It's 'Keebroo', actually."

	Rainbow smirked.  "I know.  That was the joke."

	"It was?"

	"Ungh... Keebroo," Drakshaa groaned.  "Did you really need to bring your dumbass along just to disprove me?"

	"Hey!"  Keebroo frowned aside at him.  "A pony can be brave without having to be a total flankhole!"

	"That's news to me."

	"Don't mind him," Keebroo muttered, trotting ahead of Rainbow.  "He's just sour from having lost the mines.  He took his job super seriously."

	"Jee.  I had no idea."

	"I mean, isn't it obvious from the way he—"

	"I was being sarcastic, kiddo."  Rainbow giggled.  "You really need to chillax.  All this dragon stuff has gotten your nerves frazzled."

	"Yeah... I guess so..."  Keebroo gulped.  "I mean, a lot of my family have left Amulek.  It's not easy living here without them."

	"Why'd you stay if you miss them so much?"

	"Why wouldn't I?"  Keebroo lifted his head, smiling at the thick tree trunks stretching through the thin mist around them.  "This place makes me feel alive.  The scent... the taste... the cool hush of the mountain air?  It's home.  Would you leave home even if you had no choice—?"  He winced suddenly.  "Oh, jeez... I'm sorry..."

	"Heh..."  Drakshaa smirked.  "Nice going, idiot."

	"It's alright."  Rainbow glared in Drakshaa's direction.  "Really..."  She turned to look back at Keebroo.  "I've flown so far and for so long that—the way I see it—I'm always at home."

	"You are?"

	"Yeah.  So long as I'm with my friends."  She smirked.  "I bet you have a lot of ponies you'd call family just as much as your own flesh and blood."

	"Oh.  Totally.  And I would die for them too!"

	"Eh heh heh..."  Rainbow hovered low enough to pat the stallion on the shoulder.  "Let's just focus on you living for them, okay?"

	"Oh... yeah!  Sure!"

	"Good kid."

	Keebroo smirked.  "Though, I would have loved to see the place where you came from."

	"Oh?"

	"Sheesh... winged ponies..."  He shook his head with a smile.  "I bet I'd have to travel the whole world to see more of your kind."

	"Eh heh heh heh..."  Rainbow gulped and sweated slightly.  "We're a lot closer than you think..."



	The trek took the better part of four hours.  They stopped twice for a breather, waiting for Booster Spice to whip out his map and confirm the progress that they were making.  The whole time, Rainbow took several opportunities to study the faces of the stallions who made up the expedition.  Several of them looked emaciated, frazzled, and worn to the bone.  It was obvious that weeks of stress had taken their toll on the poor equines of Amulek.  In some haunting fashion, Rainbow was certain she had seen those expressions before.

	This only made Rainbow grow more and more anxious the higher they scaled the mountains' southern faces.  Though it was approaching daytime, the morning haze did not dissipate.  In fact, the fog grew tighter and tighter.  It became apparent that the higher they climbed, the more impenetrable the mists.  A cold chill hung in the air, making everypony shiver—including Roarke.

	Several times, Rainbow Dash flew low enough to keep a constant check on the metal mare.  For the first time in many an adventure, Roarke looked and acted as though she was completely out of her element.  Her energy appeared sapped, and her march was a clumsy and uneven shuffle.  The two spent most of the trek in silence, and it ate away at Rainbow's chest.

	Soon enough, the ground evened out.  The forest grew thinner, and if it weren't for the fog, Rainbow imagined she could look straight up and see an unhindered sky lingering above the continent.  Instead, a cold drizzle blanketed the expedition, not enough to soak them but just the right amount of precipitation to keep them constantly shivering and uncomfortable.  As the plateau stretched further and further, Rainbow Dash began to spot broken wagons and delapidated mining tools—the sig