ns of much equipment abandoned in the heat of miners' panicked evacuation. 



	"Huh..."  Rainbow Dash fidgeted in mid-air.  "I've... n-never thought that hard about it that hard, really..."

	"Oh, but I spent all night calculating it!" Booster exclaimed.  "I mean, assuming you have the same bone density as a common pony, it is simply impossible for wings as small as yours to carry your body weight and proportion through the air!"

	"Huh..."

	"I mean... eheheheh..."  The blonde stallion adjusted his goggles.  "No offense."

	"None taken."  Rainbow smirked and pointed at her flapping wings.  "So, Einstallion, how do you explain this?"

	"I can't, really.  Though I'm willing to make an educated guess."

	"Like...?"

	"Magic!"

	"Unnnnngh..."  Rainbow rolled her eyes.

	"No, truly!"  Booster Spice smiled in mid-trot.  "If unicorns are born with a magical proficiency, then what's to say that other equines can't be?  Perhaps there is a permanent enchantment passed along the bloodline of you pterodactyls—"

	"Pegasi."

	"Excuse me—pegasi.  I speak of a hypothetical enchantment that allows your wings to carry multiple times the weight that they should!"

	"Hmmm..."  Rainbow flexed her forelimbs from where she hovered.  "You know, I've always secretly wondered why it is that we can walk on clouds."  She shrugged.  "Guess that's what I get for having dropped out of flight camp."

	"W-wait...!"  Booster gawked at her.  "You can walk on clouds?"

	"Can it, Nerd Spice," Drakshaa hissed.

	"Please, Drak—we're having a scientific discussion here—"

	"No!  For real!"  Drakshaa raised his hoof.  All of the stallions stopped in their tracks.  "...we're here."

	Josho jerked to a stop.  He levitated his shotgun while glancing left and right.

	Roarke's lenses pistoned outward as she scanned the misty treeline.

	Eagle bit his lip.  He peered ahead, then pointed straight forward.  "There..."

	"Right..." Drakshaa nodded and strolled ahead with a rattle to his cart.  As they stepped forward, they saw the remnants of a camp emerge through the mists.  Crumpled tents, buckled fencelines, and charred gates lingered on either side of them.  The charred remains of wooden shacks lay in blackened piles and embers.  "This is our last encampment.  We've built and rebuilt it four times straight.  The damn dragon always flies by to burn it to the ground once again."

	"If that's the case, then why do you always return here?" Roarked droned.  She turned to glare at the stallion.  "Why even show up today?"

	"Because she thinks we're coming back to build again," Drakshaa spat.  "That ain't the case!  Today..."  He unhitched himself from the cart and patted the pronged head of the javelin.  "...we've come to kill her good."

	"I see," Roarke said in a dull tone.  "Just like you killed our ship good.  Hmm?"

	Drakshaa shook his hoof.  "Now listen here, you toilet-eyed tool—!"

	"Give it a rest, Drakshaa," Booster sighed as he plopped down his backpack full of tools and began preparing a spot to load up the launcher.  "We're here to skewer scales, not each other."

	"Hrmmf..."  Drakshaa angrily went about unloading the cart with the help of other stallions.  "This was a whole hell of a lot easier without having to babysit for foreigners."

	"Now now... if Merigold were here, what would you say?"

	"Bite me."

	"Nnnnngh... Drakshaa, you're like the missing link, y'know that?"

	"Uhhhh..."  Eagle Eye glanced around at the wreckage.  "Just how large is this place?"

	"It was a pretty big encampment," Keebroo said.  "At least... mmm... the first time we built it."

	"Well, better get a lay of the land," Josho muttered.  "Would be a damn good thing to know what is up or down in this place in case we have to bump horns with a dragon anytime soon."  He trotted off into the mists.  "Hop along, princess."

	"Er... s-sure thing!"  Eagle galloped after him.

	"Don't go too far!" Roarke shouted.  "We don't know this place like these breeders do!"  She leaned back, exhaling.  Turning her 