from ancient Equestrian history that are commonly referred to as 'changelings.'  Ever since the old Matriarchs Tchern and Chrysalis corrupted their brood with malevolent energy, these shape-shifting beings fled to the furthest stretches of the physical world, undoubtedly making a home on the dark side where the Sun and Moon fail to reach."

	"It must have been difficult maintaining the Sun and Moon for so many years, Your Highness," Belle suddenly said.  "I can't imagine the sort of strain that must have put on you."

	There was a brief bit of silence, followed by Celestia's voice:  "Indeed.  But it was a labor I endured for a thousand years, as it was required of me in my sister's absence."

	Belle gulped, staring at the deck.  "It must be even harder to keep a chaos rift held shut... while also performing a long distance communication spell..."

	Rainbow jerked a glance at Belle.

	Belle bit her lip before eventually muttering.  "Nopony would bl-blame you if you would rather rest and focus on your harmonic task at hoof."

	Celestia calmly replied, "There are worse rifts in this world than that which plagues Ponyville, my little pony.  As for rest, my soul cannot be at ease while I know that Rainbow and her friends suffer so much anguish."

	"We... are n-not suffering, Your Highness," Pilate said.  The zebra gulped and murmured, "It is a long and exhausting trip over the Frozen Sea, and it's taxed us greatly—"

	"Oh please, Pilate," Belle sighed.  "You're never 'suffering,' especially when you are."

	Pilate's muzzle stretched tight as he grunted, "It's difficult to tell.  I've had nopony around to compare myself too, beloved."

	"Darling, if all you needed was somepony to talk to—"

	"Don't pretend like it would make a difference!" the zebra snapped.  "Most especially not in front of the Princess of Equestria!"

	"Pilate—"

	"Even when I'm in the same room with you, it's like you're miles away, Belle!"

	"So help me if I'm not the strong mare that I was weeks ago, Pilate!" she snapped back.  "I can't be expected to carry you every hour of every day!  You're a grown stallion.  Surely you're dealing with enough frustration of your own!"

	"Mmnnngh..."  Pilate rested his chin on his forelimbs.  "...I just don't bury them in Kera everyday."

	"Excuse me?!" Belle snarled.  She blinked, then looked down to realize that she had stood up in a burst of anger.  Grunting, she collapsed back on the top deck.

	Rainbow bit her lip, then flinched when Celestia's voice broke the silence.

	"Rainbow has... also told me of a most unfortunate turn of circumstances as of late."

	The ponies atop the Noble Jury clenched their eyes shut at that—including Pilate.

	"Such senselessly violent events are terribly tragic.  But the greatest tragedy is the poison that is left over, that which leeches otherwise innocent ponies of their strength and vigor to live harmonically."

	"Heh... 'innocent ponies...'" Rainbow Dash muttered.  She tilted her head up.  "Princess Celestia, it was my job to look out for the safety of the Noble Jury.  By extension, that includes Kera and the ponies who care for her.  What happened in Lerris..."  She sighed heavily.  "I could have prevented.  I should have... h-had the foresight..."

	"To do what, Rainbow?"  Belle gazed sadly at her.  "To have foreseen the future?  To have killed Shell before he ever got to that village?"

	"I had plenty of opportunities—"

	"Not like I did."  Belle gulped, her ears drooping.  "I had him in my grasp, Rainbow.  I... I-I know I should have told you sooner, but I didn't.  I..."  She grimaced.  "I was too cowardly.  In my heart, I knew that what I did to Shell was wrong.  Not because he had any reason to be respected as a living being, but because I used him to destructive means... wh-when I could have used him for self-destructive."

	"It was the most reasonable solution at the time, Belle," Pilate spoke up.  "You wanted to get back to the Jury.  And if you hadn't controlled Shell the way you did, who knows how many more pon