that dragon attacks and you're down there—"

	Roarke growled.  "Did you or did you not hear what I just said?"

	"Roarke..."

	Roarke looked at her.

	"This place..."  Rainbow swallowed a lump down her throat.  "This mist... it's all so dang familiar."

	"You couldn't possibly have been here before."

	"No, but I've still seen this sort of crud before."  Rainbow sighed heavily.  With a shudder, she turned towards Roarke.  "Listen, let's go find Josho and Eagle and then—"

	FWOOMB!  A ball of green flame erupted just above them, sending stone shards falling all around.

	"Gaaaaah!" Keebroo sprawled across the ground.

	"Luna Poop!" Rainbow shouted, eyes wide.  Not a second later, another ball of emerald flame came sailing through the mists, aiming for the mineshaft.

	"Rainbow—!"  Roarke dove high, slammed into Rainbow's side, and shoved the two of them to the ground.

	POW!  The mountainface exploded behind them, erupting in flames.

	"Guhhh..." Rainbow slowly sat up, disentangling herself from Roarke's limbs.  "Look, girl, was that really friggin' necessary?"

	"But..."  Roarke grimaced, standing up.  "...b-but the flame and its trajectory and you were in the way and—"

	"Stop being cute and help me the buck up!"

	"There's more incoming!"  Keebroo hollered.  In a panic, he turned and galloped towards the center of the encampment.  "Hey guys!  Guys!  She's here!  Load the javelin!"

	"No, wait!"  Rainbow's voice cracked as she stretched a hoof after him.  "Don't split up!  Don't—" She winced.  "Dang it!"

	"Breeders," Roarke spat.  She clenched her mouth silently as both mares heard loud shouts and explosions from the other side of the mists.  "Searo's Womb..."

	"It's go-time!"  Rainbow kipped up, flapped her wings, and broke into a swift glide.  "Come on!  I gotta get a visual!"

	"Don't fly so fast!" Roarke sputtered, galloping the long way around plumes of flame.  "I can't keep up!"

	"For the last time, I can carry you—"

	"Look out!"

	Rainbow looked up, gasped, and rolled to the side as another plume of green flame flew down.

	CRASSH!  The remnants of an abandoned shack exploded behind them.  Splinters rained down like wooden hail.

	"Guhhh... mmmf..."  Roarke gritted her teeth.  With a twist of her neck, she expanded the metal plates across her leg braces.  Armored up, she plowed through a debris field and galloped towards the sound of shouting stallions in a straight line.  "It certainly seems as though she wants to kill us!"

	"Let's just make sure that Josho and Eagle Eye are—"

	"Aaaack!"  Eagle Eye flew in from the side, his shield trailing with smoke as he skidded to a stop in the grass.  "Unnngh..."

	"EE!"  Rainbow darted down and stood at his side.  "EE, are you okay?"

	"Green flame..."  Eagle winced, shuddered.  He looked up at Rainbow.  "I thought this 'Axan' monster spat red flame."

	"Green...?"  Rainbow glanced across the mists.  She spotted flickering plumes of emerald heat.  Her ears folded back.  "Oh no..."

	"What?!"  Roarke hissed as Amulek ponies galloped to and fro behind her.  "What is it?!"

	"Josho?!"  Rainbow stood straight up. "Where's Josho?!"

	"Follow the gunshots," Eagle wheezed.

	"Huh?"

	As prophesied, shots rang out, echoing across the mists.

	Rainbow spun.  "I'm checking on him!  Stay here!"

	"Rainbow!" Roarke shouted.

	"Just do it!"

	"Don't go too far on your own!  Rainbow!" Roarke stood beside Eagle Eye, gritting her teeth in frustration.

	In the meantime, Rainbow soared over the heated battle.  Plumes of flame erupted to her left and right while stallions fled in terror.  She skimmed straight past Drakshaa and Booster Spice, who were frantically pivoting the freshly assembled ballista around.

	"Quick!  Raise it by forty-five degrees! She'll come from the northeast!  I know it!"

	"Less words and more muscle, geekstrings!"

	"Drakshaa, this is important!  If we don't get the right trajectory, then we won't have a chance in—"

	"Look, will you shut up and help me pivot