 the damn thing already!"

	"Make sure you hit a friggin' dragon this time!" Rainbow shouted as she flew past them.  Her ears rang with more gunshots as she threaded through the fog.  "Nrnnghh... Josho?!?"

	"Over here, speedy!"

	Rainbow followed the sound of his voice.  She spotted the obese stallion standing atop a delapidated wooden shack.  She landed nimbly beside him while he was reloading his smoking gun.

	"You really picked a cruddy place to stick your fat neck."

	"That's because it's a shithouse, Sherclop."  Josho pumped his shotgun, eyes high.  "I think I spotted it."

	"You did?!" Rainbow asked, breathless.

	"Yup.  Damn fast.  I can barely keep my eyes on it."

	"That... that's..."

	"How fast was Axan, huh?!"  Josho flung Rainbow a sweaty look.  "Ain't she big and leathery and lumbering?"

	"Pretty much, yeah."

	"Well..."  Josho gulped and glanced skyward again.  "I don't think this is her."

	"Josho, she's spitting green flame," Rainbow said.  "That's not like Axan either."

	"Yeah..."  Josho paled.  "But I do know who it is like."

	There was a dim green flash through the fog, followed by a shrill whistle.

	"Uhhh..."  Josho's pupils shrank.  The whistling grew louder and louder.

	"Darn it, jump!"  Rainbow plowed into Josho's side like a rampaging bull.
	
	"Ooomf!"  Both plunged off the outhouse's roof in the nick of time.  The wooden shack exploded in a green burst of flame.

	"Guh!  Augh!"  Rainbow rolled to the side along with Josho.  She winced, pushing herself up on noodle-weak limbs.  "Nnnngh... can I go for a single month without explosions?"

	"I've got a better question!"  Josho wheezed, sitting up with the help of his rifle's butt.  "Can't you do one of them sonic sky farts and clear up this damn mist?"

	"Sorry, but no-go."

	"Why in Ledo's coinpurse not?!"

	"Considering that the last sonic rainboom I did in Durandana nearly killed me, this isn't exactly a good time," Rainbow wheezed.  "Besides, this isn't exactly normal 'mist.'"

	"Oh yeah?"

	"No.  As a matter of fact, I think it's—"  As Rainbow spoke, something rolled out of the fresh crater that the last dragon breath had made.  The pegasus found herself blinking at a craggy rock still trailing with emerald smoke.  "Uhhhm..."

	"What... in the buck...?"  Josho stammered.

	"Josho, are you seeing what I see?"

	"You mean the oversized charcoal gallstone right in front of us?"

	"Yeah..."  Rainbow glanced at teh smoldering crater.  "That's what was just launched at us, wasn't it?"

	"Pretty dayum sure."  Josho looked aside at Rainbow.  "Since when did dragons spit rock loogeys."

	"They don't," Rainbow said.  "At least none of the ones I've ever seen."

	"Rainbow, what the Hell is going on around here?"

	"I don't know.  But, from the sound of things, the battle isn't going very well—"

	"There!  There she is!" Booster's voice hollered through the mists.  "She's flying in low!  Take her out, Drakshaa!"

	Josho spun.  His breath left him.  "Rainbow—"

	Rainbow turned.  Her blood instantly ran cold.

	The mists parted for a brief moment, granting the ponies a clear view of a dark shape slicing down through the mountain fog.  The first noticeable thing was a series of jagged branches slicing through the air.  But they weren't trees and they weren't brambles.  A loud shriek pierced the air—a hauntingly familiar banshee cry—and the creature thrashed its antlers about before opening twin jaws, glowing with an aquamarine heat from deep within.  A pair of tails raked left and right, adding weight to the draconian menace's heavy dive.

	"Nevlamas..."  Rainbow's ears folded back as her face paled.  A twinge of yellow flickered across her eyes.  "Celestia above, it can't be.  How... h-how..."

	Josho was shouting something.  Rainbow couldn't hear him through the pulse pounding in her ears.

	The dragon's wings brought a howl to the air.  With a ferocious growl, the chaotic monster dove even lower, spitting bright green fireballs.

	Josho telekinetically yanked 