wrecked ballista.

	"The attack is over," Roarke droned.  "The dragon left as soon as we fled the camp site."

	"We... we..."  Rainbow gulped, her brow awash with perspiration.  "We fled?"

	"Wasn't much else to do, Speedy," Josho said, lumbering into view with his shotgun.  He glanced off at the melancholic stallions standing between the trees.  "That thing moved faster than any battleship or managlider I've ever run into.  Even I couldn't get a good hit on the damn thing.  As for the silver hicks, well..."

	"Their pathetic javelin didn't stand a chance," Roarke said.  "They tried salvaging it, but the dragon pursued us and turned it into embers."

	"Was..."  Rainbow gulped.  "...was anypony hurt?"

	"Only you, Rainbow."  Eagle Eye stepped up, looking frazzled and exhausted.  "And, well, maybe a few of us got banged up, but there were no major casualties."  A weak smile.  "We all got out safe."

	Rainbow winced.  "That... that doesn't make any sense..."

	Eagle Eye blinked.  "What, do you want one of us to die?"

	"No no no... it's just..."  Rainbow grimaced.  "It's not like Nevlamas to—"

	"Nevlamas?" Roarke throated.  Her lenses instantly retracted.  "As in the chaos dragon?"

	"It was totally her," Rainbow said.  She instantly winced.  "I mean... it looked like her.  But... but..."

	Roarke sighed out her nostrils.  "Rainbow, I think your dizzy spell is still playing games with your head."

	"No, I saw her too," Josho droned.  "Damned if it didn't look like Nevlamas, straight down to the twin mouths, mutant tails, and the bright fruity colors burnin' out of her scales."

	"Impossible," Roarke grunted.  "That creature died on the battlefield of Xona."

	"Wait..."  Eagle Eye squeaked, instantly shivering.  "Could it be—like—related to Nevlamas?  Like another Divine?"

	"Highly unlikely," Roarke said.

	Eagle's pupils shrank.  "Or... a brood?"

	"Why is everypony so insistent on suffering from their own imaginations?" Roarke snarled.  "Whatever attacked us was not Nevlamas!"

	"Roarke..."

	"We're dealing with something dastardly and cunning—true—but it is not—"

	"Roarke"  Rainbow stared at her.  "I know what I saw."  She gulped.  "But I just don't understand it.  Even still, I'm pretty sure it's here for a reason... just like I am..."

	Roarke bit her lip.

	"Is the symbol still here?" Eagle Eye asked.  "Yogibeara or whatever?"

	"Yes, EE, I can still see Yaerfaerda," Rainbow said.  "It was down in those mines as we approached the thick of the mist."

	"I... g-guess there's no going back there now," Eagle Eye said.  "Not with that dragon playing sentry."

	"There has to be a connection!" Rainbow wheezed, struggling to get up.  Josho held her in place.  "Guh... Why would something like Nevlamas show up in the exact same place where a glowing symbol is leading me?"

	"What the hell?!"  Drakshaa grumbled as he trotted up.  "Did I hear some bullcrap about you ponies wanting to go back there?!"

	Roarke turned.  "We wish to understand something that's just transpired.  That dragon ironically resembles something that we've all previously—"

	"Look, I don't wanna hear it!"  Drakshaa slammed a hoof down.  "It's over!  Finished!  That was our last chance and we all blew it!  And you blew it too!"

	"Excuse me?!" Eagle Eye squeaked, glaring.

	"You heard me!"  Drakshaa snarled.  "That dayum drake must have smelled its brothers and sisters on you!  How else could it have had the drop on us like it did?!"

	"Drakshaa, Drakshaa, Drakshaa..."  Booster Spice sighed as he trotted up from a distance.  He raised his goggles and stared tiredly at his surly companion.  "She's always had the drop on us.  Having our friends here didn't change anything whatsoever—"

	"Friends?!  More like distractions!"  Drakshaa shoved his hoof into Booster's chest.  "I told you we should have gone up there by ourselves!  I said it to Merigold before we even disembarked!"

	"Drakshaa, please, we all know you're upset about the campsite—"

	"Upset doesn't even begin to 