friggin' describe it, ya moron!"  Drakshaa hollered.  "Nice job watching over the launcher, Bullshit Spice!  Thanks to you, we're defenseless now to the thing's attacks!  How are we even going to defend Amulek if the thing comes diving down again?!"

	"Drakshaa..."  Keebroo trotted up, wincing.  "You're not making this any easier..."

	"None of you seem to get it!"  Drakshaa yelled.  "It's over!  Everything we've lived for!  Everything we've fought for!  Everything our parents and grand parents, and great-great-great grandparents sweated over is now ruined!"

	"We're all alive, Drakshaa!" Booster gestured at everypony.  "Isn't that enough?!"

	"Amulek's legacy will live on," Keebroo said.  He gulped.  "But... but Amulek itself?"

	Drakshaa stared back at the stallions, his coat paling under a cold sweat.

	"Face it..."  Keebroo sighed out his nostrils.  "We should have done what our families did months ago when this all started."  He took a deep breath.  "We should have left to start a new life elsewhere."

	"We fought a good fight, Drakshaa," Booster said.  "But this is beyond us."  A sad expression.  "It always was."

	Drakshaa blinked at the group.  Slowly, his muscles tensed, and he produced an iron frown.

	"Drakshaa, please, before you blow your stovetop—"

	"Grnngh!"  Drakshaa shoved his way past Booster and stormed downhill through the forest.

	"Drakshaa!  Come onnnn!  Don't return home on your own—"

	"I can and I will!" the stallion hollered up through the mists.  "It's my home, after all!  Even if I'm the only dayum pony in these mountains that still believes it!"

	Keebroo winced while Booster Spice hung his head.  The rest of the stallions around them milled about in mellow silence.

	Eagle Eye bit his lip, glancing nervously at the others.

	Roarke sighed.  "We should return to the Jury.  For better or for worse, our work here is done."

	Rainbow grimaced.  "But... b-but..."

	"For once, I'm with cyborg tits," Josho said.  "Come on, Rainbow..."  He hoisted the mare over his backside.  "You'll wanna save your strength for the return."



	For the next few hours, Rainbow draped weakly over Josho's back.  Her skull still swam with dizziness, and it only got worse whenever she lifted her head.  So, instead, she peered from side to side with weary eyes, glancing at the bodies in the mist.

	The ponies of Amulek trudged home in somber silence.  To Rainbow, they looked like ghosts, ethereal shadows of the equines they once were.  Their slumping figures would have blended with the dark tree trunks if only they weren't continuing their funeral dirge downhill.

	Gulping, Rainbow glanced towards the other side of Josho.

	She spotted Roarke and Eagle Eye.  Eagle's hooves moved quicker than the others, as if he was in a panicked rush to get home.  His head was constantly lifted and he carried an anxious expression on his face.

	Rainbow's eyes fell on Roarke.  Not long after, the metal mare looked back.  Her lenses glistened with a hint of a sunset piercing the fog above.  As their expressions lingered on one another, she eventually bore the barest hint of a smile.

	Rainbow tried grinning back, but she felt a cold shiver run through her body.  Instead, she buried her face in Josho's shoulders, inhaling and exhaling slowly in order to fight off the weightless sensation spiraling through her petite form.



	Merigold took a sad, sad breath.  She lifted her wrinkly muzzle before the fire.  "I know that you tried your best.  And, all things considered, the expedition was doomed from the start, as have been all the ones to transpire before it."

	"Please, Governess," Pilate spoke from across the town hall.  "You mustn't give up hope!  There must be a way to contact ponies from beyond this territory!  Surely they would help you defeat this dragon!"

	"The only ponies capable of helping us are the Val Roans," Merigold said.  "But—for as strong and wealthy as they are—the Val Roans have an impeccable habit for looking after themselves.  If it weren't for the Gre