en Bandits, the kingdom would remain completely isolationist."

	"Besides, we have nothing to offer them now in return," Booster Spice muttered from a few huddled families away.  He slowly twirled his neon green goggles around in a lethargic pair of hooves.  "Our silver deposits are completely unreachable.  Even if the dragon was defeated tomorrow, we'd need months to get back on schedule."

	"Not like we have the workforce to even tackle that with anymore," Keebroo added.

	Bellesmith stood up.  "But, surely if they understood the urgency of the situation, they would intervene!  Don't they care enough about trading for silver?"

	"They have several other townships to do that with," Keebroo said.  "And, odds are, they've already struck new trade agreements with them."  He gulped and said in a shuddering tone, "Drakshaa was right.  It's over.  Everything we've built... everything our ancestors have toiled for..."

	The thick groups of ponies shuddered.  A few of them wept quietly into the torchlight.

	"Uhm..."  Rainbow Dash winced as she sat up against Roarke.  "Did Drakshaa ever make it back?  The last time we saw him—"

	"Fear not," Merigold said.  "The stallion returned.  He's off sulking in what's left of his supply house."  She gazed compassionately at the Jurists gathered before her.  "I know his attitude must sound absolutely caustic, but he's invested a lot more of his life into those mines than the rest of us.  The same can be said of his fathers and his fathers' fathers.  But, give it time.  He will come around to understand the great blessing we all have today."

	"Blessing?" Pilate raised an eyebrow.  "After all that's happened?"

	"What kind of blessing?" Bellesmith asked.

	Merigold bore a bittersweet smile.  "Our lives.  More than anything, I've wanted the ponies of Amulek to prosper.  That may no longer be possible here, but it can be possible elsewhere."

	"But..."  Rainbow grimaced.  "To leave your homes?  To leave all that's special to you...?"

	Merigold tilted her head aside.  "You're a traveler from a great distance."  She glanced at her wings, then directly at Rainbow again.  "Surely you know what it's like to live beyond your own home."

	Rainbow bit her lip.

	With a deep breath, Merigold said.  "My children have a lot to learn.  It will be a difficult future—but a wholesome one.  For that, I must have faith... for surely I will not live to see it."  She swallowed.  "Thank you, my friends, for your compassion and integrity.  We'll be sure to have your vessel completely repaired by tomorrow afternoon."

	"And..."  Bellesmith leaned forward.  "And after that, Governess?"

	"After that... we deliberate on the future of Amulek's children," Merigold solemnly said.  "This 'chaos dragon' of which you speak may have consumed our mountain, but she hasn't consumed our hearts.  There will be a future for us.  It simply won't be here."

	A cold hush fell among the group.

	"This..."  Rainbow hissed.  "This c-can't be happening!" She teetered dizzily.  "There's g-gotta be a way for these guys!  We can't just—"

	"Rainbow, we can," Roarke said.  "And we will."

	Rainbow gave her a nervous glance.  "Huh?"

	Bellesmith and Pilate stood up.  "Let's go, everypony," the mare said in a sad tone.  "There's nothing that can be done here anymore."

	Rainbow gawked at them.  She almost gasped in shock as Roarke lifted her up and helped her towards the town hall's exit.  Worriedly, the pegasus glanced over her shoulder.  The image of a chamber full of sad, weeping families burned into her retinae, making as deep a mark as the glowing symbol along the edge of her vision.



	"I can't friggin' believe you guys!"  Rainbow trotted in a fierce circle, having summoned enough strength to march on her own four hooves.  "We're the Celestia-dang Noble Jury!  We've taken on battleships, zombies, and mother-fluffing foxes!"  She stomped her hooves and glared across the mess hall's lounge.  "And suddenly you're all saying that there's nothing to be done anymore?!"

	"Rainbow, Pi