late and I weren't there for what happened on the mountain," Belle calmly said.  "But Josho and EE told us all about it."

	"I was this close to butting heads with whatever was plaguing the miners of Amulek, Ding-Dong!"  Rainbow's voice cracked.  "I can still figure out what's happening here!  There's no reason for us to back out now!"

	"Rainbow, these aren't the Durandanans," Belle said.  "They don't know what we're dealing with.  And even if we did, this... this creature is still somehow faster and more cunning than Nevlamas!"

	"But—"

	"And what if there is a brood here?!" Belle exclaimed.  "What if there were dozens if not hundreds of brothers and sisters just like the thing you saw on the mountainside?!"

	"Then that's bad news friggin' bears for every dayum pony who lives on this stinkin' continent!" Rainbow cackled.  "Belle, we've tackled something like this before!  I have tackled something like this before!  We're the right ponies in the right place to make sure this doesn't blow up into something apocalyptic!"

	"Rainbow—"

	"Don't we owe it to the ponies of Alafreo and Val Roa and beyond to—"

	"To do what, Rainbow?" Pilate's metal brow furrowed.  "What if there is a brood?  What do you intend to do with them?"

	"I... it... well..."  Rainbow grimaced.  "I don't know.  Sick Axan on them or something!"

	"And when has Axan proven to be reliable in any situation whatsoever?"  The zebra's ears twitched.  "No matter how the situation looks, it still falls down to one pony—you versus them.  And what would the plan be?  To destroy the roost and every chaos dragon in it?"

	Rainbow frowned.  "If I have to, I will..."

	"Seriously, Rainbow?"  Pilate gnashed his teeth.  "Do you even hear yourself?  Pests or not, the dragons contain at least an ounce of sentience—"

	"Pilate, maybe you couldn't see Nevlamas and the sort of crap that she did under the reins of Chrysalis, but everything about her was monsterous and horrible—"

	"And so that excuses genocide?!"

	"Pfft!  Who said anything about—?"

	"Even if it means saving the future of a tiny village full of ponies, I don't see how you could possibly pen such a thing on Harmony!"  Pilate frowned.  "Is that the kind of pony the Princesses would be proud of?  That you'd wish Durandanans to emulate?!"

	"Look, I appreciate that you want me to do the right thing!"  Rainbow pointed at herself.  "I want to do the right thing!  But I think we're all forgetting one important factor here!"  She gestured wildly.  "There's that friggin' symbol waiting for me deep in the mines!"

	"Nnnngh..."  Bellesmith hunched over in her seat.  "Rainbow, I don't want to hear it..."

	"There's something going on here, guys!" Rainbow stammered.  "Where there's a symbol, there's a machine world!  And where there's a machine world, there's a goal for Austraeoh and—"

	"I said I don't want to hear it!" Bele suddenly screamed.  She stood up, shivering in anger.  "No more of this Austraeoh and Yaerfaerda business!"

	Rainbow's muzzle fell agape.  "Belle...?"

	"Rainbow, you are dying!" the mare hollered.  "Look at yourself right now!  You're pr-practically—"  Belle's voice shrank into the back of her throat.  She held a hoof over her muzzle and trembled.

	Rainbow stared at her in shock.

	Belle sniffled, her eyes instantly welling up in tears.  She gulped and whimpered, "You're dying, Rainbow Dash.  Nevlamas didn't do this to you.  Ledomare and Xona didn't do this to you.  All of this Austraeoh nonsense did!  For so long, I've done all I could to support you with this in good faith but... but..."  Her face scrunched up in sorrow.  "I'm losing my best friend because of it."  She sniffled and wiped her muzzle.  "The best... most loyal... m-most courageous friend I've ever had, and what am I expected to do?  Just let you waltz right into the jaws of horror and let yourself become even worse off than Commander Hurricane?!"

	"Bellesmith..."  Rainbow gazed at her.  She murmured, "You're Eljunbyro.  You both are."  She gulped.  "Can't you 