trust me in this?"

	"I c-can do more than that, Rainbow.  I have done more than that."  She stared at Rainbow with tear-stained eyes.  "I love you, Rainbow Dash.  My beloved and I owe you so much... but not as much as you owe yourself."  She gnashed her teeth.  "And I can't stand idly by and watch you unravel from the inside out!"

	"But, everything I've ever learned from my journey has told me I'm destined for—"

	"I know you need to believe in all this 'prophecy' business.  But Rainbow Dash..."  Belle gazed at her intently.  "Being 'Austraeoh' has been a crutch!  Your crutch!  Legitimate or not, it's been a definitive factor in your flight all this time.  And if I were you, I'd cling to it too.  Especially if I lost my home... my way of life... and all m-my friends... but..."  She clutched a hoof over her muzzle and whimpered.

	Pilate stood up and leaned into Belle, nuzzling her gently.

	Belle fought the urge to weep, instead stammering, "You have friends here too, Rainbow Dash.  And we love you.  We love you so much.  Too much to deny the truth any longer... and that truth is that your journey is at its end!"  Belle hyperventilated slightly.  She steeled herself long enough to say, "I hate to say it, Rainbow, but it is.  And you don't deserve to end it all in the jaws of a million chaos dragons.  Please... stay with us..."

	"Belle—"

	"For once in your life, Rainbow Dash, can't you live for yourself?  Can't you be at peace with the ones who love you?  Don't you deserve this?  Don't you deserve a quiet, happy end?"

	Rainbow's gaze fell.  She winced at each punctuation of Belle's sobs.  At last, she opened her mouth to speak—

	"I, for one..." Roarke trotted into view.  "...believe whole heartedly in Belle's kind-hearted words."

	Rainbow did a double-take.  "You do?!"

	"Thank you, Roarke."  Belle sniffled.  "I'm glad that somepony is thinking with her head."

	"I can think with my heart as well."  Roarke turned towards Rainbow.  "I've learned that much as of late."

	Rainbow blinked.  "Roarke...?"

	"I'm sorry..."  Belle shivered.  "Rainbow Dash, forgive me.  I just... I just don't want—"

	"I suggest you retire for the evening," Roarke said.  "I suggest we all do.  Tomorrow afternoon, once repairs are done, we'll set course for calmer winds."  The metal mare solemnly hung her head.  "What's done is done in this town..."

	"Wait..."  Rainbow squeaked, wincing.  "Wait just a Celestia-dang—"

	"Thank you, Roarke," Pilate said, gently guiding Belle down the hall and towards their quarters.  "It's been a long, tiring day.  I think we all deserve to rest for the time being."

	"I couldn't agree more, striped one," Roarke said.

	Slowly, the couple trotted off.  There was the squeaky sound of a door opening and closing, followed by the hatch rotating shut.

	Roarke turned towards Rainbow, gazing at her quietly.

	Rainbow stared back.  She blinked, frowned, then fumed.

	"Rainbow, if you may just let me—"

	"Hrnnngh!"  Rainbow flapped her wings and glided angrily down the hallway.



	Seconds later, Rainbow entered the observation room on the lower deck.  She marched up to the windows, plopped down on her haunches, and folded her forelimbs.  Beyond the translucent sheen of her angry reflection, she gazed out onto the sleepy, rain-soaked rooftops of Amulek.

	Not long after, the reflection of Roarke appeared, trotting through the hanging curtain behind them both.  She cleared her throat and opened her mouth to speak.

	"You happy now?!" Rainbow growled.

	Roarke stood in place, silent.

	"Grnnnngh..."  Rainbow spun and frowned at her.  "Is this how I'm supposed to die?!  Grounded in my room?!  With my two best friends sobbing their eyes out as they turn their backs on me?!"  She pointed.  "After all the obstacles I've overcome to show them I'm better than all that?!"

	Roarke sighed, hanging her head.

	"Oh, don't try begging for pity!"  Rainbow barked.  "I don't care how much you've melted!  You ain't there yet, girl!  Of all the ponies, I'd at le