ast expect you to have my back in this situation!"  Rainbow pointed out the windows and hollered. "There's something out there with my friggin' name on it!  And I'll be damned if I let death take me as a coward—"

	"The Whizzball can sit three ponies," Roarke said.

	Rainbow froze in place, blinking.  "...buh?"

	Roarke sighed again, raising her head.  "I speak, of course, of the Lounge vessel that I inherited back when I was masquerading as 'Vaughan—'"

	"Yeah, I get it."  Rainbow squinted.  "But where exactly are you going with this?"

	"We are going back to the mountain," Roarke said.  "And Whizzball is the best solution.  The spherical vessel is fast enough, manueverable enough, and tenacious enough to keep up with the likes of the dragon we spotted alongside Drakshaa's group."

	Rainbow gawked at her.  "It... that..."  She murmured, "You were on my side all along."

	"Hrmmf..."  Roarke trotted forward quietly.  "Belle and Pilate are no less 'on your side' than I am.  Only one difference."  Her lenses pistoned outward.  "They don't know what it takes to make a dying pony's wingtips curl."

	Rainbow blinked.  A blush fell through her features.

	"There is more than one way to love a pony," Roarke said.  "And more than one way to show one's trust."  Her teeth clenched.  "I do not enjoy the thought of you perishing any more than 'Eljunbyro' does, but I like to think that I'm properly geared to balance inevitability with fear, and I find neither of them intimidating.  What's more, I know that you don't either."

	Rainbow's ears folded back as a dumb smile spread over her muzzle.

	"So, then..."  Roarke cocked her head to the side.  "Whizzball...?"

	Rainbow smirked and nodded.  "...Whizzball."



	The hatch to the hangar bay opened.  Roarke and Rainbow Dash marched hurriedly through.

	"Tell me one thing, though," Rainbow Dash said.

	"Elaborate."  Roarke flicked a forelimb.  A beacon flashed on her metal braces, and the doors to the black sphere opened by remote.

	"Earlier, you made a point to say that 'Whizzball can sit three ponies.'"

	"Indeed I did," Roarke remarked, climbing inside.

	Rainbow stuck her head in through the other side.  "But we're only two."

	"Right." Roarke flipped several controls as the miniature manaship hummed to life.  "And neither of us properly know how to approach the mountain."

	"You kidding?"  Rainbow raised an eyebrow.  "Do you forget who's got a built-in symbol-radar in her bird brain?"

	"It's not that simple and you know it," Roarke droned as he gripped the controls.  She gestured towards a lever on the hangar wall.  "We need somepony to help us."

	"Oh yeah?"  Rainbow trotted over and gripped the lever.  "Like who?"

	"Somepony with an expert, technical lay of the land."

	"You don't say?"  Rainbow smirked.  "Roarke, call me Slowpegasus, I'm starting to believe that you and I think alike."

	"Searo forbid."

	"Pfft.  Why not?  We both squeak alike."  Rainbow jerked the lever and the hangar bay doors opened.



	Booster Spice sat at his lofty post atop a guard tower overlooking the rooftops of Amulek.  Crickets chirped all around as tiny droplets of rain ricocheted off the structure's wooden finish.

	He stifled a yawn and flipped through a book.  He trained a pair of glowing goggles onto the pages as his eyes ran across the numbers and figures.

	"It begs the question," the blonde stallion murmured to himself.  "Can a village build an airship out of recycled lumber and squirrel leather?"

	SMASH!  The whole tower shook as a big black ball rammed into its side.

	"Gaaaaaaiee!"  Booster fell off his stool.  He hopped back up, raising a club over his head.  "Who?!  What?!  When?!  Where?!  Why?!  To what extent?!"

	Hissssssss!  The night sliced open in the shape of a door, opening to a tiny brightly-lit interior where two mares huddled inside a cockpit.

	"Holy algorithms..."  Booster lowered his club and adjusted his goggles.  "Roarkbow?  Doarke?"

	"Hrmmm..."  Roarke's nostrils flared as she gripped the con