ies would have died in at—"

	"At Seclorum's?!"  Belle exclaimed, eyes hard-set.  "A place that was already a blood bath?!  Where ponies went to die and they knew it?!"

	"There was so much at stake, Belle," Pilate said.  "The world as we know it and don't know it.  The path of Austraeoh and Nevlamas' reign of chaos—"

	"Pilate..."

	"If you hadn't forced Shell to intervene, there's no telling if Rainbow Dash or the rest of the Jury would still be alive—"

	"None of that matters to me!  Don't you get it?!" Belle stammered, sniffling.  "In the end, it bit all of us in the flank!  And it cost us Kera!  All because of my selfish stupidity—"

	"Dammit, Belle!" Pilate slapped his hooves against the top deck.  "Will you drop it about Kera?!  Everything doesn't revolve around Kera!!"  He frowned.  "What happened to her is terrible!  Absolutely terrible!  But you need to stop counting all of the mistakes that you've made and start to weigh in all of the good, courageous things that you've—"

	"Because it's so easy for a blind zebra with a focus on the 'big picture' to justify the consequences of—"

	"And you need to stop blaming me for Lerris!" Pilate practically hissed.  "I made a judgment call.  It was a bad call—I admit that.  But I did not slay those ponies, Belle.  I did not traumatize our surrogate daughter.  And I sure as the Spark shimmers on..."

	"Pilate, please—"

	"...mm not the one burning this relationship to the ground!" he hollered.

	Belle flinched away from him, shivering.

	Pilate panted and panted, his tense facial muscles loosening gradually.

	"It's neither of your guys' fault..."

	Belle looked up.  Pilate tilted his head skyward.

	Rainbow Dash hugged herself in midair, her eyes wet.  "I... I should have stayed in Lerris.  I should have stuck with you guys all the way through to the end.  I dunno if I could have stopped Shell but..."  She sniffled and sighed.  "At least it would have been something.  Even if we all died that night."  She looked away, her eyelashes beading with moisture.  "Anything would be b-better than this..."

	The other two ponies hung their heads.

	At last, Celestia spoke.

	"I have not felt this sad since I lost my apprentice."

	Rainbow inhaled sharply.  She stared up at the wavering moonlight.  "Your H-Highness...?"

	"This monster that you speak of—this Shell—needs to die.  And he needs to die tonight."

	Rainbow's brow furrowed.  "But... but Princess Celestia..." She wiped her cheek dry with a forelimb and murmured.  "I already told you.  Back in Lerris.  I—"

	"Until you three stop blaming yourselves, he will continue to haunt you.  He will continue to tear apart that which is magnificent.  In the last three months since I first heard from my sister that Rainbow Dash had found herself some new companions, my heart has been filled with joy.  For the first time, I could solace myself with the thought that the last of the Elements of Harmony had found a reason to be loyal yet again... and to be joyful.  This is a blessed thing... or at least it was.  It burdens my heart to witness how frayed everything has become.  Even from miles away, I can feel the fibrous ends unraveling, and I'm telling each and every one of you that you must sort out these demons before they burn your love and trust into inert dust."
		//------------------------------//
		// What Needs To Be Said		//------------------------------//

	"Your Highness, you don't understand," Rainbow Dash spoke with a heavy sigh.  She hung her head.  "It really is my fault.  I should have been there for these guys.  Even after Lerris, I... I've made nothing but mistakes."

	"And do you truly think that I am unfamiliar with the wages of death and anguish, my little pony?" Celestia spoke.  "That I would not have made the same mistakes—if not transgressions a thousand times worse—in all my years?"

	Rainbow Dash bit her lip.

	Belle glanced up while Pilate leaned an ear towards the source of the magical voice.

	"Since the days that the Alicorns first ca