Wanna chow down?"

	"Props..."  Eagle Eye squinted.  "How do you know this?"

	The mare shrugged.  "Sometimes I sleepwalk."  She leaned in and whispered, "Did you know that Zaid snores like a sawmill?"

	Eagle and Belle simply stared at her.

	"Well, I didn't either!"  Props leaned back.  "The night is a strange and wild place.  Woooooooooooo!"  A beat.  She grinned wide.  "Anyhow, Apples!  Mrmmmmfff... upstairs!"  She trotted off.

	Eagle Eye bit his lip.  He slowly turned and squinted at Belle.

	Belle clenched her teeth.  Her body began shaking furiously as her face turned red.  "Why... th-that... fuzzheaded suicidal motherb—"



	SWOOOOSH!  The Lounge sphere rocketed loudly over the forested mountainscape.  Fir trees hung in the white mists below while the morning sun pierced the upper altitudes with scattered bands of golden glory.

	The vessel dipped low, skimming the forest canopy at a brisk speed.  Every now and then, its amber manalight would flicker, and the sphere would dart off in a completely random trajectory, scanning the local topography as an early morning bloomed over the eerie fog.



	Inside the transport, Booster Spice sat behind the main seat—wide eyed—glancing every which way as the vessel continued its low flight.

	"I just can't get over this feeling of exhilaration!" the blonde stallion exclaimed.  A dumb smile crept across his face.  "I've drawn hundreds of maps of this region over the years, but if I only had the gift of flight before!"

	"We've been over this a dozen times already," Roarke droned, her hooves at the controls.  "You're certain that you do know our way around these mountains?"

	"Hmmm?  Oh, totally!"  Booster nodded, his goggles rattling.  "Those towards the west are the lower foothills.  That peak in the east is Silver Point, the highest spot in this area.  Drakshaa's mine camp is directly to the south—whichhhh we are flying over right now."

	"For the twentieth time," Roarke groaned.

	"Well, no offense, but you've not been entirely clear on just what it is you wish for us to accomplish out here," Booster remarked.

	"We're attempting to bait the dragon."

	"Right.  And I've told you fine ladies..."  Booster chuckled to himself.  "She only attacks when she wishes to.  It's never been something that we could rightly predict."

	"Well, you've never had air support before."

	"I've never suspected that such a thing would matter."  Booster pointed out the cockpit window as they passed over the foggy mountain again.  "The only thing that's ever truly prompted her arrival is when we've set out on hoof to the campsite.  Y'know... like what happened yesterday!"

	"Because the dragon is presumably possessive over the silver mines..."

	"Exactly.  So... uhm..."  He gulped.  "If—perchance—we were to touch down and approach the mine entrance naturally..."

	"We're not here to recreate yesterday's events," Roarke said.  "Nor are we here to repeat any of the incidents that have plagued you and the ponies of Amulek before."

	"Then, if I may be so bold, what are we attempting to do?"

	Roarke turned and glanced over her shoulder.  "Rainbow Dash?"

	"Nnnnnnghhhhh..."  Rainbow yawned long and hard.

	Roarke's lenses pistoned outward.  "Rainbow Dash..."

	"Mrnnffhh... hmm?  What?  Huh?"

	"Please tell me you're not sleeping."

	"It's hard to tell when I'm this insanely bored," Rainbow said, blinking blearily from where she sat behind the cockpit seat.  "Please tell me we're not still flying in stupid circles."

	"Are you kidding?!"  Booster cackled.  "Who in the hay could be bored of this?!"  He gestured wildly at the cockpit.  "This is actual flying!"

	"It's a lot more exciting when I'm the one doing the flying," Rainbow said.

	Roarke muttered, "You're welcome to open the cockpit door and try it yourself, then."

	"Hey!"  Rainbow frowned.  "If we're doing this, we're doing this together!"  She leaned over the seat.  "Lemme guess, no sign of the friggin' dragon?"

	"Negative."

	"Doesn't this thing have missil