es or lasers or whatcrap?"  Rainbow started flipping instruments at random.  "How about—like—we blow up a part of the mountain and wake the darn thing up?"

	"We will not be blowing anything up."  Roarke slapped Rainbow's hoof away.  Whap!

	"Eeep!"  Rainbow slumped back, rubbing her forelimb with a gawking expression.  "Who are you and what have you done with Roarke Most Radical?!"

	"I'm serious," Roarke grunted.  "I only have a limited supply of weapons on board this craft.  Believe you me, I greatly desire to use them, but only when it will be most fortuitous to us."

	"When you say missiles, do you mean explosive devices propelled by tightly contained liquid fuel?" Booster Spice asked.

	"Indeed," Roarke droned.

	"And..."  He leaned forward.  "By lasers, do you mean—"

	"Celestia-damn lasers," Rainbow said.

	"So fascinating..."  Booster grinned drunkenly.  "To think that such technology exists in the far corners of the world!"

	"Why do you act so surprised?"  Rainbow glanced at him.  "Don't the Val Roans have missiles and flying death machines themselves?"

	"Actually, Val Roa isn't all that fond of explosions."

	"... ... ..."  Rainbow leaned back with a prolonged sigh.  "Whelp, for once I'm glad I won't be living long on this continent."

	"Rainbow..."  Roarke moaned.

	"I don't understand..."  Booster's eyes thinned beneath his green goggles.  "Why so fatalistic—?"

	"Grnnngh!"  Rainbow pulled at her mane.  "There's gotta be a way to pull the creature out!"

	"Or creatures," Roarke corrected.

	"Ungh... don't even go there, Roarke," Rainbow grunted.  "I'm already reeling at the thought of just one Diet Nevlamas, much less a whole friggin' nest of them."

	"Nevlamas...?"  Booster Spice blinked.

	"We can't rule out the possiblity, Rainbow," Roarke said.  "That's precisely why we need to preserve this vessel's weapons.  If we discover a lair or a hoarde, then we can use the incendiary devices to destroy it from the inside out, much like you did in Silvadel."

	"Silvadel...?"  Booster Spice blinked again.

	"Okay, first thing's first, Roarke, we gotta stop treating this as if history's repeating itself!"  Rainbow Dash frowned.  "This isn't Silvadel anymore than it's the Xonan Front."

	"Xonan... Front...?"  Booster was grimacing at this point.

	"Don't mind us, dude," Rainbow muttered.  "Just sit back and keep being our pocket egghead."

	"Nnnngh..."  The stallion rubbed his aching head.  "Why do I get the unsettling sensation I've inadvertently jumped into the penultimate scene of a sprawling epic?"

	"It depends," Rainbow droned.  "What's your experience in fixing railroads?"

	"Uhhhhhhhh—"

	"Let's keep ourselves focused," Roarke insisted.  She pointed out the cockpit window with a metal-laced hoof.  "This fog... this ever pervasive mist..."

	"What about it?" Booster Spice asked.

	Roarke glanced back at him with whirring lenses.  "Have you ever bothered studying it?"

	"Oh, most definitely!"  Booster nodded.  "It's unlike any fog that's appeared around the mountains in years previous!  At first, I figured it was a sign of some sort of prolonged climate change.  It started several months ago—but, oddly enough—stuck to the higher altitudes."

	"Is that odd?"

	"Well, considering the common ebb and flow of condensation and evaporation, one would suspect that the same effects would transpire in the valley where Amulek is located.  After all, the temperature in this part of the world is relatively uniform.  The same can be said of the humidity.  But, for whatever reason, the fog is at its thickest at the higher elevations, and at all times of the day."

	"So, in other words, it's unnatural."

	"Oh.  Very."

	"And this hasn't ever alarmed you before?"

	"Well..."  Booster fidgeted where he sat.  "It's hard to be alarmed by uncanny fog when there's a definitively more uncanny and violent dragon attacking you on a weekly basis."

	"Do I have to say it out loud?" Rainbow Dash muttered.

	"Say what out loud?"

	Rainbow sighed.  "