I've seen this sort of crud before..."

	"Really?" Booster glanced at her.  "Where?"

	Rainbow bit her lip.  She leaned in and spoke with her muzzle closer to Roarke.  "In Windthrow.  A village I visited a very... very long time ago."

	"And how exactly is this related to Amulek...?"

	Rainbow said, "It had the same sort of unnatural fog."

	"Truly?"  Booster blinked.  "Do you know what caused it?"

	"Yeah," Rainbow sighed.  "Chaos strips."

	"Chaos... strips...?"

	"There's a type of metal—a very rare kind of metal—that exhibits pure chaos energy," Rainbow explained.  "Chaos, of course, is as old as time.  It's the indomitable... uhm... fart gas that curses the cosmos through which this plane drifts."

	"Okaaaaay..."  Booster slowly nodded.  "Not exactly a very scientific explanation, but somewhat plausible."  He gulped.  "I'm guessing that you refer to some sort of magically malevolent substance that has both a solid and a gaseous form."

	"Erm..."

	"And wherever there is a gas—as made visually evident in the form of a prevailing fog—it constitutes the presence of the solid form in close proximity."

	Rainbow stared at him, blinking.  "Uh... yeah.  Sure."  She scratched her head and smirked at Roarke.  "Sheesh, Roarke.  Where was this dude when I was in Darkstine?"

	"I think I understand where you both are going with this," Roarke said while flying the ship over the mountain again.  "But if you recall, Rainbow Dash, Nevlamas was polluted with these chaos strips."

	"Right..."

	"The Xonans, under Chrysalis' influence, harvested chaotic abominations by infusing the Dark Divine with the strips."

	"Right right."

	"So, could it be possible that—if Nevlamas had a brood—they would be born with this chaotic essence built inside of them?"

	"Brbrbrbrrrr..."  Rainbow Dash shivered.  "I don't wanna think about it."

	"Well, you're going to have to," Roarke said.  "We all have to, especially if this mist could somehow be leading us to them."

	"I know that."  Rainbow turned towards Booster.  "Hey.  Goldilocks."

	"Dark... Stine...?"

	"Yoohoo!  Austraeoh to Booster!"

	"Huh?"  He snapped out of it and glanced at her.  "I-I'm sorry.  You were saying?"

	"Is there—like—a part of the mountain where this steam collects the most."

	"Heh... that's something I've always wondered myself."

	"You mean you don't know?"

	"What I mean, Miss Dash, is that none of us have been able to scale completely around the mountain to find out for sure.  Especially in these last few months when the dragon has plagued us senseless."  He suddenly blinked, then tilted his head up while scratching his chin.  "However..."

	"Hmmm?  Is that a good 'however' or a bad 'however?'"

	"There was one expedition... a group of Val Roans who traveled to Amulek from the north."  Booster gulped.  "This was right when the situation first turned sour and Drakshaa's workers were driven out of the mines."

	"Yeah... and...?"

	"Well, needless to say, these poor merchants were frightened out of their wits.  However, they did claim to have seen a great deal of smoke rolling out of the mountain peak from its north end."

	"Smoke?"

	"Well, we now realize that it's this fog.  But, at the time—when it was all starting—they swore that Silver Point looked like a veritable volcano!  I've always wondered what it looks like there today."

	"There?  Booster, where is there?"

	"Uhm... the northwest end, about two hundred and fifty feet down from the actual summit.  My great-great grandfather was the first to survey it.  Much of the mountainface there is pure stone at that point, and the earth is too hard to bother drilling for silver pockets."

	"Hmmm..."  Rainbow Dash turned towards Roarke.  "What do you think, Roarkey?"

	"Please don't call me that."

	"C'monnnnn..."  Rainbow Dash grinned.  "We gotta come up with a nick-name for you at some point."

	"Just because we've bonded doesn't make me your pet."

	"Coulda fooled me with the way your prosthetic tail was wagging the other n