ight."

	"Hrmmmph..."  Roarke suddenly accelerated the ship, coasting over the fog and towards the northern edge of the mountain.  "Let's just go and check out this 'Silver Point' already."

	"Pffft.  Fine."  Rainbow Dash leaned back, forelimbs folded in a pout.  "...Doarke most Dorkly..."

	"So, I'm confused..."  Booster scratched his blonde head and pointed.  "You two are or aren't sisters...?"

	"Euhhghhhh... Roarke, please tell me there's a vomit bag somewhere in here."



	With a loud bass hum, the black sphere soared through the fog, barely parting the mists as it dropped sharply along the mountain's edge.  Finally, it slowed, a quartet of bright floodlamps flickering to life along the unmarked bow.

	The round vessel twirled around, descending like a black bathosphere through the murky air.  In front of it, a layered spotlight illuminated craggy rock as it rolled upwards like a granite curtain.



	Inside the sphere, all three ponies leaned forward.  Roarke's lenses pistoned out while Rainbow squinted and Booster blinked through his green goggles.

	Outside the cockpit, the mountainside loomed incredibly close.  The floodlamps illuminated every feature beyond the trailing mists.  At last, something dark appeared through the perpetual miasma.  It consumed the floodlights in impenetrable darkness.

	"Whoah whoah whoah...!"  Rainbow gripped Roarke's shoulder.  "Hold her steady!"

	Roarke yanked a lever.  The ship jolted, then hovered dead in place.

	The ponies were staring down a deep, round hole in the side of the mountain.

	"That..."  Booster grimaced.  "...was not there before."

	"You're certain of that?" Roarke droned.

	"If a giant pit of grisly death appeared in the side of your home's signature mountain, wouldn't you notice?"

	"Lemme guess..."  Rainbow stared wide-eyed down the cave from where they hovered.  "...you couldn't see it all this time because of the fog."

	"Whenever we lifted our heads to the sky, it was to combat the dragon."

	"It would have taken a lot of might and energy to have made this," Roarke muttered.  "One would imagine the undertaking would be unbelievably loud."

	"I swear, the ponies of Amulek have heard nothing!" Booster exclaimed.  "Even the dragon's attacks are swift and silent!  You know this for yourselves!"

	"You're right," Rainbow nodded with a gulp.  "We do."

	"I don't see any noticeable claw marks," Roarke said.  "If Nevlamas created this hole, it must have been through sheer heat... or perhaps chaos magic."

	"But—think about it!  How would that be possible?"  Rainbow frowned.  "Chrysalis kept Nevlamas cooped up in that floating Sacred Hold for so long!"

	"Meaning...?"

	"When would she have found the time to get out from under all that chaos experimentation and lay her eggs here?!"

	"That depends..."

	"You don't need to tell me twice, girl!"  Rainbow turned towards the stallion.  "Hey, Booster Gold."

	"Booster Spice."

	"Whatever.  Just about how long ago did all this crap start?"

	"You mean the fog?"

	"Yeah.  That crap."

	He gulped and said, "About five months ago.  Maybe six."

	"Well, there you have it."  Roarke said.  "That would give Nevlamas plenty of time."

	"Something just doesn't add up, though..."  Rainbow leaned forward.  "Let's get a little closer..."

	"Uhhh..."  Booster gulped.  "You mean you wish to enter the looming death hole in the side of our mountain?"

	"Don't be stupid.  I just want a clearer look at the tunnel entrance."

	"Don't we all..."  Roarke gently tilted the controls forward.  The ship drifted and drifted.  The mountain now loomed just a few feet away.

	Rainbow squinted hard, holding her breath.

	"What is it that you're looking for?" Booster asked.

	"Look..."  Rainbow pointed at the outer lid of the hole.  "...see how smoothe it all is?  There's no scorch marks.  Not even any claw scrapes or signs of carving."

	"Almost like..."  Roarke's lenses pistoned out.  "...like."

	"Acid burns," Rainbow murmured.  "Since when did Nevlamas ever spit ac