id on anything?"

	Roarke's jaw tightened.  "Need I remind of you of the horrific deaths I witnessed while sneaking around the Sacred Hold?"

	"Yeah, but it's not like the Divine was leaking chaotic doom juices wherever she went!"

	"She was a corrupted dying chaos dragon, Rainbow.  Who knows what she could have been leaking."

	"Even still, would it have been enough to systematically burn a hole into a mountain this—"

	FWOOOSH!  Two menacing jaws lunged out of the hole, followed by a pair if crystalline antlers.

	"Whoah damn!" Roarke hollered, yanking at the controls.

	"It's over!"  Booster yelped, pouncing on Rainbow Dash as he whimpered in terror.  "We're dragon food!"

	"Augh!  Darn it!  Get off!  I can't see us get raked to death!"

	CLANK!  The scales of the leaping creature collided with the sphere, sending it spiraling off into the mists.

	"Aaaaaugh!" Booster yelped as the three ponies rolled and toppled inside the cockpit.

	Roarke somehow maintained her grip on the controls.  "Everypony!  Hold onto something!"

	A loud beeping sound filled the flickering compartment.  Steam and manalight vented from various consoles as the ship took a massive dive.  Outside, the razor-sharp tips of countless fir trees suddenly flew into view.

	Rainbow untangled from Booster long enough to spot their plummeting doom.  Her pupils shrank.  "Oboy..."
		//------------------------------//
		// Accept That Time is Cyclic		//------------------------------//

	"'Oboy?!'" Booster Spice sputtered.  "Shouldn't that be 'hoboy?'"

	"Quiet, you!" Rainbow wheezed.  She threw a look across the lopsided cockpit.  "Roarke—?!"

	"Gravity-defying as we speak—!"  Gnashing her teeth, the metal mare banged a console and yanked hard at the controls.  "Nrnnnnnghhh!"

	Sw-Sw-Sw-Sw-Sw-Swisssh!  Hundreds of treetops swiped at the curvaceous underbelly of the miniature Lounge sphere.  Despite Roarke's best efforts, the vessel was still plunging one inch at a time into the forest canopy.

	"It's still out there!" Booster Spice shouted, staring through his goggles out the cockpit window.  A distant draconian shriek confirmed his exclamation.  "If we crash here, we're sitting ducks!"

	"Still working on the albatross part!" Roarke snarled.

	"Maybe if I got out and pushed!" Rainbow yelped.

	"Dammit, you!  Don't be you right now!"

	The cockpit echoed from dozens of tree branches ricocheting off the glossy black hull.

	"I c-can't... g-get it to lift up!" Roarke sputtered.

	Booster Spice shouted, "Have you considered checking to see if there's a buildup of redundant manafire in the lateral auxiliary assembly?!"

	Roarke shot him a wild look.  "What?!"

	"If you vent it, it should give us enough thrust to ascend!"

	"Where would I find the lever to do that?!"

	"Presumably on your lower right!"  Booster pointed.  "Over there, by your flank!  Jeepers, lady!  Don't you know your own manaship?!"

	"She hijacked it from a bunch of talking lizards!" Rainbow barked.  "Roarke—?!"

	"Got it!"  The metal mare's hoof hooked around a tight lever.  "Hold on!"  Chtungg!  The entire vehicle shook with a deep bass hum, followed by the explosive release of mana gases.  A half-second later, the sphere jerked violently upwards in a twirling fashion.

	"Aaaack!"  Booster flailed.

	"Not again—OOMF!"  Rainbow caught the brunt of his weight as the ship lifted violently up.



	The Lounge sphere shot up, spitting amber gases everywhere like a spinning firework.  At last, it ascended until it was out of reach of the treeline.  Roarke brought the vessel around—glinting through the fog with reflected sunlight.

	In the distance, the mutant dragon swooped low, lining up with the ship.  Its antlers flickered brightly, and soon it was launching a pair of burning green fireballs their way.



	"Incoming!"  Booster Spice yelped.  "Gaaie!"  He fell over.

	Rainbow sat up with a grunt, having tossed the stallion off her.  "Cram your ins inside your comings, already!"  She leaned over Roarke's seat.  "T