hink you can dodge them?"

	"I didn't come out here with you to sing ballads."

	"That much is certain."  Rainbow gripped the chair behind her.  "Do your best and worst, Roarke!"

	"Doing..."  Roarke jerked the controls to the side.



	The sphere rolled through the air, dodging the burning projectiles at the last second.

	Behind the vessel, a cluster of trees caved under the weight of the crashing fireballs.  A plume of emerald flame erupted in the middle of the forest, sending branches and frightened birds flying everywhere.

	Just as quickly as it had dodged sideways, the black sphere evened out, sputtering in random places with loose manafire.



	"Good job," Rainbow Dash said, patting Roarke's shoulder.  "You get a cookie."

	Roarke's brow furrowed.  "I don't do cookies."

	"Mmmfnngh..."  Booster fumbled in an attempt to stand upright.  "Are we burnt to a crisp yet?"
	"Postively smoldering."  Rainbow leaned forward and looked straight down through the cockpit window.  She caught an edge of the creeping green flame as it burned to a quiet simmer across the forest floor.  "I swear to Luna, that is the strangest dragon's breath I've ever seen."

	"This isn't an opportune moment to catalogue draconian flame, Rainbow..."

	"I know that, Croarke!"  Rainbow frowned.  "But it just doesn't make sense!  Nevlamas didn't have that!  Why would she pass it on to her brood?"

	"When the thing gets closer," Booster wheezed, "You can ask her yourself!"

	"I don't intend to."  Rainbow turned to the metal mare.  "Roarke, are we good enough to fly right?"

	"Rainbow..."

	"Let's get a head start!  No need to become dragon treats while we're still young—"

	"Rainbow, look!"  Roarke pointed.

	Rainbow did so.  Her ruby eyes twitched.

	The chaos dragon was flying in the opposite direction.  It's body became tinier and tinier across the northern horizon.

	"She's... fl-flying away?!" Booster stammered.

	"It would appear so," Roarke droned.

	"Why isn't she finishing us off?" Rainbow Dash's voice cracked.  "We're like fish in a barrel out here!"

	Roarke fidgeted.  "Would you at least give me some credit?"

	"Roarke!  Quick!"  Rainbow slapped her shoulder.  "Go after it!"

	Roarke's lenses retracted as she looked up at her.  "...go after it."

	"You heard me!  Hurry!  While she's still in our sights!"

	"Hrmmm..."  Roarke began accelerating the ship in a humming glide.  "She's going to end up a lot closer... and uglier."

	"Are you nuts?!" Booster wheezed, his goggles lopsided.  "We've never chased after the dragon before!"

	"You've also never been in an airship over these mountains before!"  Rainbow Dash said, her eyes firmly locked on the fleeing drake.  "Booster, for some miraculously stupid reason, none of the ponies of Amulek have died from this freak.  Now, I've been around enough dragons to know that they usually don't spare pony flesh like that.  I want to find out why, and this is our opportunity!"

	"Yeah, well..."  Booster gulped and produced a feeble smile.  "Could it just be your opportunity?"

	"Shush!"  Rainbow shook Roarke's shoulders.  "Come on, punch it, girl!"

	"Consider it punched.'  Roarke threw a lever forward.

	Rainbow and Booster were flung back to the rear of the ship as it sped forward.



	Schoooooooom!  The world spun dizzily around the Lounge sphere as it bulleted after the aquamarine monster.  The dragon's twin tails thrashed, and it took a sharp left.  The sphere jerked after it, effortlessly manuevering on a mid-air dime.

	With a loud shriek, the dragon jerked right.  When the sphere matched its movements, it dove low and entered a tight ravine lined with craggy rocks and jutting fir trees.  The earthen trench bent towards the east, and the dragon swerved along with the sharp turn, its wing-tips scraping along the edges of the shallow canyon.



	Roarke's lenses pistoned out as she struggled to see past the dirt, dust, and debris pelting the sphere's windshield from the dragon's flight up ahead.  The vessel shook from the 