sheer friction of threading through the tight ravine.

	"It c-can certainly m-move fast!" Booster sputtered as his body shook.

	Rainbow hovered in the middle of the cockpit to breathe and speak evenly.  "But it's still not trying to crush us like tinfoil!"

	"We're certainly giving it every reason to," Roarke droned.

	"Not yet, we haven't!"  Rainbow pointed.  "Fire a missile!"

	"I... doubt it will kill her, Rainbow."

	"No, not at the dragon!  Just—next to her!  Scare her!"

	"Scare her?!" Booster gasped.

	"Just trust me!"  Rainbow barked.  "Roarke—?"

	"Firing..."  Roarke yanked a lever overhead.



	Ka-POW!  A rocket sailed out from the sphere and exploded into a piece of the canyon wall ahead of the dragon.

	The creature let loose one shriek.  With one heavy wing-flap, it lifted straight up and out of the ravine.

	The air thundered from the Lounge projectile's impact.  Without wasting a second, the black sphere raised up and chased the dragon into the clouds.




	"So, tell me..."  Rainbow clenched her teeth.  "What kind of a dragon—much less one raised by Nevlamas—runs from both a manaship and a rocket?"

	"Perhaps she's just trying to distract us!"  Roarke grunted while desperately jerking the controls to maintain pursuit.  "We did find its layer, after all."

	Rainbow took a deep breath.  Her ears folded back as she spoke in a contemplative tone:  "I think it's trying to distact us, alright.  But it's more than just the layer."

	"Rainbow...?"

	"Here..."  Rainbow turned, grabbed Booster, and forced him down into a seat.  "Stay put."  She strapped a canvas belt around him.  "You're going to need this.  You too, Roarke!"

	"Huh?!"  Booster gasped.  "You mean we had seatbelts this entire time?!"

	"Rainbow, what are you doing?!"

	"What do you expect?!"  Rainbow trotted across the tight compartment and gripped the handle to one of the lateral doors.  "You know me well enough by now!"

	Roarke gasped over her shoulder.  "No!  Don't—"

	FWOOOOSH! The compartment thundered with billowing air as Rainbow opened the door to the cloudy atmosphere outside.  Once the pressure had equalized, she shouted, "Face it!  This is something I have to deal with, face to face!  You've got a nice ship, Roarke!  But it's still not the fastest thing in the universe!"

	"Rainbow, maybe it's afraid of a ship!  But a defenseless pony—?!"

	"Neither you or I can pretend I'm 'defenseless,' Roarke!  Try being cute when things are calm and quiet for once!"

	"But I just can't let you—"

	"Yes you can!  And you will!"  Rainbow slapped the hull as she stepped out.  "What's more, you're going to get me into position to leap on the antler'd jerkenstein!  You can bite my head off about it later!"

	"Rainbow..."  Roarke snarled.  "At this point, there won't be a 'later!'"

	"Your faith is appreciated as always!  Now hoist!"  Rainbow was outside at this point, slamming the door shut as her hooves clamored over the sphere's exterior.

	As the compartment quieted down, Booster panted and panted and ultimately said, "How in the hay do you put up with that mare?!  She's crazy!"

	Roarke sighed so hard the windshield fogged in the middle.  "She also happens to be the only mare I've ever truly loved."

	"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..."  Booster nodded.  A gulp.  "So you are sisters, then?"

	"Searo damn it..."  Roarke yanked up hard on the controls.

	"Gaaaaaah!" Booster clung to his seat.

	"Hoisting now, Rainbow!" Roarke hollered into the hull.



	Rainbow Dash carefully, carefully perched atop the miniature Lounge sphere.  Her muzzle's skin rippled and her mane billowed crazily in the heavy winds.  She inched her way up into a full standing position, her tearing eyes locked onto the thrashing pendulums that were the dragon's tails straight ahead.

	Meanwhile, Roarke accelerated the vehicle as gracefully as she could, approaching the dragon five meters per second.

	Rainbow held her breath.  When she felt that she was close enough, she uncoiled her wings, spreading th