em to either side of her in a snap.  The air instantly whistled, and vaporous trails streaked immediately behind the pegasus' feather tips.

	There was a glint of bright light.  The eastern sunrise momentarily pierced the fog, breaking shadows in the shapes of the mutated dragon's antlers.

	"Rnnnnnghhhh..."  Rainbow Dash tightened and untightened her legs.  "Hrnngh!"  She leapt forward, propelling off the roof of the hurling sphere.

	The dragon's twin tails thrashed together, criss-crossing.

	Rainbow twirled, threaded through them, and came to a tumbling stop across the dragon's back.

	The beast let loose a shriek and instantly dove.

	"Mmrmffnng—Haaugh!"  Rainbow slid across the scales, reached a hoof out, and grabbed an antler.  She held on for dear life, watching as the forested world suddenly twirled overhead.  The dragon was flipping, and she was along for the ride.  Panting, she gripped tighter to the antler and began working her way down to the creature's scalp.

	Then something unexpected happened.  The branch of the antler Rainbow Dash was holding onto... disappeared.  It didn't break or snap off or shatter into crystalline bits.  It simply vanished.  The sensation was so startling that Rainbow Dash didn't realize she was being flung into empty skies until she saw the leathery wingspokes of the beast sailing past her.  With one deep breath, she flapped her feathers and propelled herself forward.

	"Httt!"  She grabbed the wingtip of the dragon with two forelimbs, clinging tightly.  One forelimb at a time, Rainbow climbed her way back onto the dragon's backside.  By now, the creature was spinning, twirling, doing everything it could to toss Rainbow off—just short of actually attacking her.  "What's the matter?!" Rainbow hissed, sticking to the dragon's spine in a full-on body hug.  "Lost your teeth?!  Huh?!  Strange... being killed by Axan only made me tougher!  So what's your excuse?!"  With a gnashing teeth, she raised two hooves and brought them violently down.  "Maybe if I beat you hard enough, I'll find it!  Hrrnnngh!"

	WHACK!  Rainbow's blow struck pure scales.  She knew it.  This is why she was shocked when it didn't feel or sound like slapping dragon scales.  The body beneath her rattled like a giant jar full of pebbles.  What's more, there was a flash of light—green like the flames coming out of the beast's maw.

	"Huh?!"  Caught off guard, she wasn't ready for when the dragon's body undulated, its spine bending at an impossible angle to throw her off.  "Yaaaaugh!"

	Rainbow went sailing upward.  She smashed through three clouds and landed against the foggy belly of a fourth one high in the air.  Hovering there, she glanced down through flickering eyes.  Once the yellow and red had returned to white and ruby, her vision came into focus.  She saw the dragon flying low to the ground.  Its wing-flaps were labored and its momentum had been severely slowed.  If Rainbow Dash didn't know better, she'd say that the monster was getting tired.

	At last, Rainbow gritted her teeth.  A slow snarl built up in the center of her chest, eventually rolling out her throat like a panther's growl.  "You are not Nevlamas..."  She dove violently down, spitting into the wind.  "Do you hear me?!"

	There was nowhere for the dragon to go, only it didn't know it.  But Rainbow did.  The pegasus hurled down towards the weakly fluttering beast like a bright blue meteorite.

	"You are not Nevlamas!"  At the last second, Rainbow Dash spun her body around until it was plummeting with a murderous dive-kick.  "Hraaaaaaaaugh!"

	Milliseconds later, Rainbow Dash slammed into the dragon's spine... and tore straight through.  In a brilliant flash of emerald light, the chaos creature exploded into three dozen pieces.



	A wave of manaflame erupted in every direction, singeing the tree tops of the alpine forest.

	Inside the Lounge's sphere, Booster Spice gasped, covering his goggles with a pair of forelimbs.

	Roarke gnashed her teeth as she decelerated the vessel and spun it towards its side.