

	The wave of flame hit, shaking the entire ship towards its core.

	Both ponies jolted and grunted, weathering the thunderous turbulence.



	At that precise moment, inside the Noble Jury's mess hall...

	Eagle Eye was dipping his spoon into a bowl of fruit salad.  He was inches away from scarfing down a cluster of apple slices when he heard a loud shriek from the kitchen, followed by clattering dishes.  His eyes widened.

	Across the table, Josho looked up, his chins wobbling.

	Both stallions kicked out of their chairs and galloped into the kitchen.

	"Ebon...?!"  Eagle Eye panted.  "Ebony?!"

	As he and Josho entered, they found the stallion collapsed on the floor, surrounded by rattling pots and pans.  He held his skull with both hooves, his clenched eyes tearing.

	"Rnnnnghhh!  Mother!"  Ebon Mane whimpered.  "Mother... it hurts!  Mmmmgnngh!  Make it stop!"

	"What in Ledo's blood-stained saddle is going on?!" Josho barked.

	"I..."  Eagle hyperventilated, sweating.  "I-I..."

	"Come on, sunshine!"  Josho levitated the convulsing cook and hoisted him over his backside.  "Help me get him to the infirmary!"

	Eagle fought back a sob, nodded, and lent a hoof.



	Swoooosh!  The Lounge's sphere flew crookedly towards the earth.  After a weak serpentine descent, it found its way towards a clearing in the middle of the forest.  Thump-Scraaaaape!  It crashed lightly and slid to an awkward stop.  Manaflame hissed out of the once-glossy surface, now covered in scrapes and smeared tree sap.

	At last, the doors opened.  Roarke jumped out.  Booster fell out.  The mare helped the stallion up to his hooves, and both gawked at the center of the clearing ahead of them.

	The grass was burning in random places, forming a perfect circle of smoldering emerald embers.  In the center of the soft crater sat Rainbow Dash, shivering and covered all over in green smoke.  She struggled to get up, wheezing and sputtering for breath.

	"Rainbow...?!"  Roarke gulped.  "What happened?  Are you alright?"

	Rainbow said nothing.  She looked up, blinking wearily.  A ruby light pulsed from her pendant, and she steadied it with a shaking hoof.  At last, her vision returned to normal, and she became aware of several dark bodies lying limply in the grass all around her.  A sharp gasp escaped her lips.

	Frantically, she crawled across the charred grass and lifted one of the limp bodies, cradling it in her hooves.  Her eyes narrowed, studying every square inch of the changeling's onyx carapace.  The creature was breathing—albeit lightly.  Its gossamer wingtips twitched as its eyelids fluttered above its fanged muzzle.

	"What in heaven's name...?"  Booster Spice stammered, gawking at the bruised and stirring bodies around him.  "How fascinating... are they insects or are they ponies?"

	"They'll be you if you give them long enough," Roarke sneered.  She trotted briskly forward.  "Rainbow Dash!  We have to—"

	"Roarke, stay back!"  Rainbow hissed behind her shoulder.  "There's easily over thirty of 'em here!  They could overtake us in a heartbeat!"

	"Then why in Searo's name are you cradling one of them?!"

	Rainbow bit her lip.  "I-I need answers, Roarke!  And something tells me that I'm the only one who can—"

	"Mmmmfnnghhh..." The changeling in Rainbow's grip stirred.

	Rainbow gasped, looking down at the metamorph.  "Hey... Hey!"  She shook the creature lightly.  "Come on!  Smell the salts!  Talk to me!"  She narrowed her eyes.  "Where do you get off, impersonating Nevlamas, huh?!"

	"Nnnngh... the b-beast... we've lost cohesion..."  The changeling curled its forelimbs before its chest.  "Gghhh... mother, n-no..." it squeaked.

	Rainbow gritted her teeth.  "Your mother isn't here.  Chrysalis isn't here!"  She blinked.  "...is she?"

	"Hrmmgnnnh..."  At last, the changeling's eyes fluttered open.  Upon seeing Rainbow, a flicker of bright green emanated from beneath the thing's carapace.  It gasped like a startled foal, its fanged maw hanging agape.  "It's you..."  The green in its