 eyes shrank to glossy pupils as freckles briefly adorned a fuzzy orange face.  "It's really you!"

	Rainbow grimaced.  She glanced over her shoulder.  Every changeling flickered orange for a second, then turned back to their glossy blackness.  Somehow, it was enough to stir them from unconsciousness.  One by one, they stood up on aching limbs.

	Booster stood close to Roarke, shivering as the bodies rose around them.  Roarke clenched her teeth while the metal braces around her legs whirred defensively.

	"How... h-how did you find us...?" the changeling wheezed.

	"I... uh..."  Rainbow glanced towards the tallest mountain.  Deep in its belly, the same symbol flickered as always.  "...let's just say I followed my nose."

	"You... sh-shouldn't be here..." the changeling sputtered and coughed.  Its body grew limper and weaker in Rainbow's grip.  "Nopony... sh-should be here..."

	"Hey... hey!" Rainbow barked, shaking the pony.  "Stay with me!  I need to know what's going on!  Why are you changelings here?!  Is this some sort of nest or something?!  Why were you impersonating Nevlamas?!"

	"The beast..."  The changeling whimpered.  "...the beast was all we knew.  It was M-Mother's weapon.  It... could spread fear..."

	"Spread fear?!  Why spread fear?!"

	The changeling's eyelids fell as it drifted off.

	"Come onnnnn... come on!"  Rainbow fumed and fumed.  She took a deep breath, lowering her eyes as she calmed herself.  Then, leaning forward, she hugged the changeling tenderly, her face face nuzzling the creature's fragile carapace.

	"What...?"  Booster raised his green goggles and squinted.  "What is she—?"

	Roarke slapped a hoof over his shoulder.  "Shhhh!"  Nevertheless, her lenses too pistoned out.

	Slowy, a green flame crept over the changeling's body.  Its colt turned to a fuzzy brown while red braids fountained out from its scalp.  With a deep breath, the creature convulsed.  Two seconds after opening its bright emerald eyes, a pair of lenses materialized over its sockets.

	Rainbow exhaled, reopening her eyes as she smiled gently at the doppelganger.  "There... any b-better...?"

	The little Roarke gulped and nodded.  "Much..."  She wheezed, "We sh-should have known it was you.  When we first saw you at the foot of the mountain."  She gulped.  "Your wings.  Your mane."

	"Can you tell me now why you were impersonating Nevlamas?"

	"You g-gave us so much clarity... so much flame."  The changeling gulped.  "We could see everything in the light.  Everything we were... everything we did."  A tear squeezed out from behind the lenses.  "Everything for Mother... and it was awful..."

	"Rainbow..."  Roarke trotted up, glancing nervously at the stirring changelings surrounding them.  "Something's wrong.  They all look incredibly antsy."

	"I'd say so..."  Rainbow squinted at the changeling.  "What have you been doing all this time?"

	Instead of answering, the changeling sputtered, "You've done s-so much for us.  You shouldn't be here.  You should leave."  She stood up and out of Rainbow's grip.  "Everypony in this valley should pack up and leave!"

	"Pack up and leave?!"  Booster stomped his hooves.  "Why?!  This is our home!  Why are you trying to drive us all away!"

	"That was the whole point of this Nevlamas schtick, wasn't it?!"  Rainbow Dash frowned.  "You don't wanna be like Mother, huh?!  Then why are you terrorizing a small village!"

	"They're all in danger.  We only wished to scare them off!"  The changeling shivered.  "We wanted to protect them!  But their love and their loyalty is too great!  We c-couldn't calculate for that!  We couldn't... couldn't..."

	"Protect us?!"  Booster stammered.

	Rainbow Dash squinted.  "Protect them from what?" Right as she said that, her eyes flickered red-on-yellow.  She yelped and stumbled forward, instantly dizzy.

	"Rainbow!"  Roarke reached out to support her.

	"Gnnngh!"  Rainbow panted, eyes wide.  "Luna poop!  I haven't felt a jolt like that since... since..."

	"Oh no..."  The changeling spun and faced the mo