untaintop, as did its fellow broodlings.  "It's too late!  They smell harmonic flesh!  Any moment now, and they'll strike!"

	"Who?!"  Rainbow sputtered, reeling in Roarke's grip.  "Nnnngh—who or what are you talking about?!"

	"Rainbow..." Roarke murmured.

	Rainbow struggled to tilt her head up.  She gasped upon seeing a thick curtain of mist pouring out of the mountaintop like volcanic ash.

	The changelings whimpered in fright.  The speaker turned towards Rainbow Dash, its eyes tearing.  "Mother abandoned more than us here..."

	As that was uttered, the air above filled with deathly shrieks.  It was a trickle at first, then a veritable monsoon of leather, as countless serpentine bodies began pouring out of the hole in the north side of the mountain, sailing down towards the forest on the wings of chaos, their banshee shrieks rattling every equine soul to the core.  An entire swarm of ethereal abominations glided over the treetops, spitting death and malice in every direction their glowing eyes took them.

	Rainbow rattled in Roarke's grip.  "Hoboy..."

	"Yeah..."  Booster Spice whimpered. "...that's m-more like it."
		//------------------------------//
		// Flight of Fancy, Windswept Field		//------------------------------//

	"Rainbow Dash..."  Roarke droned, backtrotting.

	"It's just like the ones in Sacred Hold," Rainbow murmured, her ruby eyes reflecting the chaotic flock of death.  "Spawned from Nevlamas herself!"

	"What in Searo's vulva are they doing here?!"

	"This... this must be one of Chrysalis' hives," Rainbow murmured.  Her eyes twitched even wider.  "Where she plans to stage the invasion of Val Roa!"

	"Where she did plan!" one of the changelings closest to Rainbow sputtered.  "But Mother is gone now!  We don't know where!"

	"Please, you have to believe us!" another exclaimed above the noise of rising shrieks.  "You of all ponies!  You freed us!"

	"Freed you to do what?!" Roarke grunted.  "Take on the form of a dragon and burn ponies' lives to the ground?!"

	"All we wanted was for everypony to flee this area!" another exclaimed.  "To flee from this!"  The creature pointed at the sky as it was buzzing with chaos.  "We never killed anyone!  We never hurt anyone!"

	Roarke sneered, "That's the most damnably stupid logic—"

	"This is just a piece of the whole!" a changeling cried.  "There are countless more in the heart of the mountain!  Waiting to spring on this land and abroad!"  The creature shuddered.  "We can't contain them for much longer!"

	"Correct me if I'm wrong, but you can't contain these things period."  Booster Spice gulped.  "Uhm... n-now may be a good time to Whizz away."

	"Can't," Roarke spat.

	Rainbow flashed her a look.  "Roarke?"

	Roarke frowned.  "The ship's too beat.  The lizard's tech got battered in that last scrape.  If I try to take off in the thing now, its manaengines could rupture."

	"Uhhhh..."  Rainbow gulped, sweated.  She glanced at the descending cloud of chaos.  "Uhhhhmm..."

	"You've got wings!" Booster stammered.  "Can you carry us?!"

	"Yeah..."  Rainbow trotted over to them.  "But not very quickly!  We gotta find a cave or a niche or some place to—" 

	Three changelings instantly darted over.  "Is it the village that you wish to go to?!"

	"Huh?!"  Booster flashed them a look.

	"The village of Amulek?!"

	Booster squinted beneath his goggles.  "How did you—"

	"Honestly, anyplace is preferable right about now!" Rainbow exclaimed.

	"Quickly!"  Two changelings grabbed Booster's shoulders.  The stallion gasped as he was lifted up off the ground.  "We have to outrun them while we still can!"

	"But they'll track us—"

	"They'll track you!" the changelings said.  "We're invisible to them in this form!  It's how Mother bred them!"

	"Aaack!"  Booster wheezed, his teeth chattering.  "I-I-I'm not s-so sure about th-this!"

	"Well super-sure yourself!  Pronto!"  Rainbow Dash took off as she heard the buzzing of changeling wings.  "Head west and don't stop for nothing!"

	"Grnnngh!"  Roarke,