 in the meantime, was struggling and shoving against the changelings diving down to grip her.  "Get your hooves off me!  I'll turn your shells inside out—"

	"Roarke!"

	"The next creature who touches my flesh—"

	"Dammit, Roarke!"  Rainbow shouted, throwing her angry muzzle in the surprised mare's face.  "Let them carry you!  You wanna die on me, ya friggin' idiot?!"

	Roarke's lips quivered.  "But... b-but..."  Her lenses reflected fangs and glowing scales.

	"Go!" Rainbow shouted as the entire flock lifted up with Booster and Roarke in tow.  She looked worriedly over her shoulder.  "Go go go go go go go!!!"

	With a joint shriek, the chaos wyrms sailed in from the mountainside.  Their razor-sharp maws lunged at the three ponies as they were hoisted away.  Rainbow Dash flew on her own volition, twirling out of the snapping jaws of one, two, three gliding serpents.

	By now, the fir trees were swaying from the artificial wind generated by the multiple surging bodies.  As the monsters pursued the three equines, the fog spread like the gray clouds at the head of a cyclone.  Despite the energy of their rabid pursuers, the changelings maintained a decent speed.  When one or two of them tired, others dove in and swap places—carrying the two ponies for another three or four dozen yards.

	Rainbow Dash flung a nervous glance over her shoulder.  Witless, she shouted ahead, "They're still chasing!"

	"They'll give up soon!"  one of the changelings shouted.  "They'll feast on the creatures in the forest and retreat to the mountain like they always do!"

	"You sure about that?!" Rainbow hollered.  "Cuz it almost seems like we're leading them to civlization!"

	The closest changeling fidgeted, its fangs chewing nervously at midair.  "We... we c-could split up or—"

	"Something tells me you guys aren't used to making command decisions!"

	"It has b-been terribly difficult.  We wish we could—"

	"Keep flying!" Rainbow hollered, suddenly bending around and flying back in the opposite direction.  "I'm going to distract them long enough for you to get away unnoticed!"

	"What?!" Booster shouted from up ahead.

	"Rainbow!" Roarke yelled.  "Don't you dare—"

	"Meet you back at Amulek!" Rainbow shouted.  "Wear something sassy!"  Fwoosh! She sliced against the wind, barreling towards the incoming abominable wall at suicidal speeds.  Roarke shouted something else, but there was no making out the words at this frictious velocity.  "Hnnnngh... okay, snakes and ladders... you wanna play?!"

	The cloud of serpentine monstrosities shifted, coagulating towards her in a silver stream like a ravenous fish of sharks.

	Rainbow Dash gritted her teeth.  "Let's see how a Celestia-damn sonic rainboom fills your gullet—"  Just as she was saying this, her eyes flickered a sickly yellow.  "Aaaaugh!"  She flinched in mid-air, descending slightly.  Her body jolted as an intense wave of dizziness flew through her.  She looked up through squinting eyes.  "No... not here... not n-now!"

	The incoming flood fogged in and out of existence.  Between the black shroud of Rainbow's eyelids and the blinding sunrise beyond, she could only make out the glint of their teeth and talons.

	"Hrmmmmm-raaaaaaaugh!"  Summoning every bit of strength inside her wing muscles, she pulled herself up, sailing skyward.

	The topmost row of serpents lunged at her, their teeth slicing within inches of her fuzzy belly.  Rainbow wildly flew over them, bending towards the north and curving in a sickly helix.  The only thing keeping her steady was a rigid pair of wings.  The air whistled violently past each ear as she found herself slicing downward at a shallow angle, approaching the trees once more.  All the while, she heard the creatures hissing and snarling at her six.  She was successfully distracting them, though there was no time to celebrate.  There wasn't even time to scream.

	"Come on, Rainbow," she hissed at herself, her eyes tearing.  "Find a soft spot... f-find a soft spot..."  Her teeth gnashed.  "You can do it—"
