
	WHAP!  Her body grazed a tree branch.

	"Augh!" She spun, toppled, and ricocheted off the forest floor.  Her body bounced once, twice, then slid to a stop upon the edge of a jutting rock along a thinning treeline.  "Mrmmmfffnnngh... idiot," she muttered to herself, struggling to sit up.  "You are the 'soft-spot.'"

	Barely five seconds later, she heard the roar of several creatures diving down from above.  Dizzily, she rolled over, squinting up at the sky with scarlet pupils against yellow saucers.

	Soon enough, the sun was blotted out by their scales, scales, and scales.

	"Good luck finding any m-meat."  She gulped, then curled up in a weak little ball.  "Crud muffins..."

	Just then, the air broke with a clap of thunder.  Rainbow's foggy vision caught a shadow against a shadow.  With her last ounce of strength, she focused her vision on a series of shapes darting in from her peripheral.  Ten changelings swooped low—unseen by the ravenous abominations.  With careful precision, they flew together and conjoined in a burst of green flame.  By the next blink, they had morphed into a miniature Nevlamas, antler-slashing their way through the chaos meat.

	Several serpents shrieked loudly as they were torn to ribbons.  Within seconds, the flock jerked about, swarming after the faux dragon that was suddenly in their midst.  By then, it was too late; "Nevlamas" was swinging about, diving low, and yanking Rainbow off the ground in a metamorphic talon.

	Rainbow Dash wheezed, feeling herself being carried away by her unexpected saviors.  As the last of her senses gave way, she rolled her head back, caught a flash of sunlight, and surrendered to the darkness.
		//------------------------------//
		// Loyalty is the Best Home		//------------------------------//

	"Ebon...?"

	The stallion panted and panted, his face wrenched in pain as he curled a pair of forelimbs to his chest.

	A lavender hoof reached in and dabbed a cold washcloth across his burgundy brow.  "Ebon, try opening your eyes..."

	Ebon eventually relented.  A tear or two streamed down his cheek as he squinted across the Noble Jury's infirmary.

	Eagle Eye squatted beside the cot.  He smiled thinly, reaching in to stroke the stallion's bangs.  "How are you feeling, Ebon?" he asked.  "Be blunt."

	The stallion shuddered.  He fought a whimpering voice in the back of his throat and instead stammered, "The Jurists... are... are th-they fed?"

	"Ebon..."

	"I was... in the m-middle of making breakfast."  Ebon gulped.  "I... r-remember dropping so much.  Please... t-tell me they still got to eat something—"

	"Ebon, please."  Eagle nuzzled the stallion, stroking his cheek before staring him in the eye.  "For just a moment, humor me.  Tell me how you are feeling.  You."

	Ebon bit his lip.  "I... I feel like something's burning inside of me."

	"Like you have a fever?"

	Ebon slowly shook his head, wincing from the effort.  "It's... it's more than that.  It's like... like..."

	Eagle watched, listening quietly.

	"...like something is wanting to come out of me," Ebon wheezed.  "Something huge... something loud."

	Eagle glanced nervously at the bulkheads.

	"EE?  What... what if this is something to do with what's always plagued me?"  Ebon gulped.  "What if this is something I can't outrun?"

	"You'll get better," Eagle murmured, steeling his nerves.  "You will.  Trust me."

	"Eagle Eye..."

	The stallion sniffled and glanced up at Ebon.

	Ebon squinted.  "Do I need to believe that or do you?"

	Eagle's lips pursed.  He fumbled for words.  Before his eyes could grow misty, he leaned in and hugged Ebon closely.

	Ebon shivered in Eagle's warm grip.  He slithered his hooves out from underneath and gently held onto Eagle's shoulders.

	"This is all my f-fault," Eagle murmured, voice shaky.  "I should have been watching you closer.  I should have stayed around you all hours of the day..."

	"Eagle...?"  Ebon breathed.  "H-How could this possibly be your fault?"

	"... ... ..."

	"It's... it's not b-because of