 you that I'm feeling worst off than Rainbow Dash right now," Ebon said with a nervous chuckle.  A blink or two later, he grimaced.  "How... how is Rainbow Dash doing?"  He gulped.  "Did... did she and Roarke ever come back, or...?"

	"Yes..."  Eagle Eye leaned back, rubbing his cheeks dry.  "They c-came back, Ebon."

	"That's..."  Ebon exhaled through a week smile.  He cuddled up against the blankets on the cot and stared at Eagle sideways.  "That's wonderful to hear, EE..."

	Eagle Eye bit his lip, fidgeting.

	Ebon blinked.  "Isn't it, though?"

	A plastic smile.  "Of c-course it is, Ebon."

	Ebon's eyes narrowed further.  "Then why do you look like you've seen a ghost?"

	Eagle gulped.  "It's... uhm..."  He ran a hoof shakily through his mane.  "...it's because of who or what Rainbow Dash came back with."

	Ebon's tired eyes fluttered. "Who?"

	"Changelings, Ebon," Eagle droned.  "They're... uh... they're in the Amulek town hall as we speak."



	Ponies shouted.  Ponies hollered.  Ponies pointed hooves and bellowed.

	A thin line of changelings squatted pensively behind Rainbow Dash and Roarke.  Their black exoskeletons rattled with each exclamation booming forth from the angry crowd.  Not far away, beneath the flickering torchlight, Pilate, Bellesmith, and Josho stood.  They stared worriedly at the shape-shifters, then back at Rainbow Dash.

	Rainbow needed to lean against Roarke, for her dizziness had barely cleared.  Rubbing a hoof over her sweating brow, she stared thinly—sickly—past the torchlight and into the crowd as more and more ponies clamored for attention, attempting in vain to shout their angry words above their likewise furious comrades.

	Hooves stomped and nostrils flared.  Finally—goggles glinting—Booster Spice galloped bravely into the center of the chamber and waved his hooves.  He shouted louder and louder, the volume of his voice gradually overtaking the bedlam echoing off the wooden support beams.  "Order... Order... Can we have some order and quiet for one second?!"

	Drakshaa stormed forward, his snarling voice devouring the brief silence at the end of Booster's exclamation.  "Just as soon as those sniveling, snake-in-a-grass monsters get carted out of this accursed town!"

	"YEAH!" shouted the whole group of villagers.

	Drakshaa pointed an angry hoof at the creatures behind Rainbow Dash.  "It was them!  Them all along!"  He gnashed his teeth.  "They drove us out of the mines!  They drove us into poverty!"

	"They saved all our lives, Drakshaa!" Booster hollered in the stallion's face.  "Didn't you hear a single word they said?!"

	"And you can get wheeled out of town along with them if you believe their stupid bullshit, Booster!"  More ponies cheered.

	Booster stomped his hooves.  "Dang it, Drakshaa!  The real monsters are out there!  Holed up inside Silver Point!  I saw them with my very own eyes!  The only reason the three of us came back to the village in one piece is because these changelings saved our sorry hides!"

	"Saved us from what exactly?!"  Drakshaa turned and hissed at the flinching metamorphs.  "They've ruined us, ya goggled dumbass!  If they really wanted to save our village, they would have done the right thing and fed their worthless, mutated flanks to these supposed monsters so that all the filth would have their fill!  Then maybe they'd fly away and bother another town that deserves this crap more than we do!"

	"YEAH!" the whole room roared again.

	"It's... nnngh..."  Rainbow rubbed her scalp.  "It's like I tried t-telling you," Rainbow murmured, seething through her dizzying pain.  "These monsters... these chaos abominations... I've s-seen the likes of them before.  They're way too numerous and too strong for just any small group of ponies to handle.  Changelings or not—"

	"How can you be so stupid, outsider?!" Drakshaa spat.  "They're in league with each other!  Can't your stupid ass see that?!"

	"Use the word 'stupid' to describe her one more time, breeder, and I'll replace every bone in your body with yo