ur own feces," Roarke snarled.

	"Roarke..."

	"These changelings aren't the only ones who gave their all to save this village," Roarke said loudly.  "Rainbow nearly killed herself back there trying to distract the monsters from inside the mountain!  If she can't tackle this threat on her own, nothing can!"

	"The Val Roans can!"  Drakshaa frowned.  "With a threat this big, we can finally convince them to come in with their royal machinery!"  He hollered, "Incincerate everything that moves inside the mines, I say!  If we have to peel off the charred flesh left on the ore, so be it!  We're sick and tired of all this stupid nonsense!"  He raised a hoof high in the air.  "Who's with me?!"

	Ponies cheered and thundered their hooves.

	Belle struggled to shout, "If we can all just be calm and talk this over—"

	"No more!" Drakshaa yelled.  "We've had enough of outsiders making problems into even bigger problems!  Send them on their way—"

	"Drakshaa, we'd be in the dark if it weren't for them!" Booster exclaimed.

	"You wanna join them, Booster?!  You've been about as useful as a rusty pickaxe as of late anyways!"

	"Oh, of all the lousy—"  Booster shook his hoof.

	"Go on and hit me if you like, punk!"  Drakshaa barked.  "The day you choose treacherous freaks over your own kind is the day that you've finally lost it—"

	"ENOUGH!" Merigold's voice resonated across the hall.

	The villagers instantly silenced.  Nervous families huddled together, trembling.

	Drakshaa stepped back from Booster, fuming quietly, allowing room for the elderly mare to step down from her seat and slowly approach Rainbow and the changelings.  Merigold's eyes narrowed as she spoke airily, "I have heard many words... and yet I haven't heard enough.  If you would be so kind, Miss Dash, to explain to me what exactly we are dealing with."

	"Well, ma'am... I..."  Rainbow fidgeted, glancing back at the changelings immediately behind her.  "I can't exactly... I mean, not on my own—"

	"With the assistance of your unique company, if need be," Merigold said.

	Drakshaa gasped.  "But, Merigold—!"

	Merigold raised a hoof into his face without looking.

	The stallion clenched his jaw, glaring Rainbow's direction.

	Rainbow exhaled.  She pressed Roarke's shoulder, and the metal mare reluctantly let her go.  Standing on wobbly legs, Rainbow cleared her voice and took a step or two forward.  "These creatures before you may look like monsters... they might even sound and smell like monsters.  But, trust me, they are not what they look like."

	Ponies immediately stirred and murmured in disbelief.  Booster whistled shrilly, silencing the crowd for Rainbow to continue speaking.

	"And that may be a tough pill to swallow, considering that they're capable of  looking and sounding and smelling like anything.  But... you've got to believe me... you've got to believe us."  Rainbow looked over her shoulder and nodded at the Jurists.  Josho and Belle nodded back, and they took a few steps forward with Pilate.  "We've seen them at their worse, and they've since changed," Rainbow continued.  "They've changed for the better.  They used to answer to one authority and one authority alone, but that's changed.  They no longer answer to a malicious calling."

	"That's a very intriguing notion, Miss Dash."  Merigold squinted.  "Could you, perchance, stand to be less vague?"

	Rainbow opened her mouth—but one of the changelings stepped up and spoke boldly.  "Our Mother is no longer in control of us."

	Ponies instantly murmured upon hearing the changeling speak.

	Drakshaa's face wrinkled in confusion.  Merigold took a few steps closer.  "Your... Mother?"

	"It's not all that disimilar to how the ponies of Amulek obey you, Governess," the changeling said, its green eyes flickering above its fangs.  "Only, they follow you through respect and admiration.  For us, our Mother was the source of everything.  We felt and fed and lived through her.  But all she fed us was misery, and like mindless drones, we accepted what she