 gave us—for we confused it with love, the most nourishing emotion of all."

	"But not anymore..."

	The changeling shook its head.  "No, ma'am.  That all changed weeks ago."  She turned and glanced bashfully at Rainbow Dash.  "It changed when she found a way to break Mother's control over us.  Now... we are free."  The changeling grimaced.  "Although... it has left us no less confused and frightened..."

	"Governess..."  Booster Spice turned towards the old mare.  "In all of the dragon's attacks, it never ever tried to harm us physically.  And now we know that it was them all along and—"

	Merigold daintily waved him off.  "I'm in no need of your genius intellect right now, Booster."

	Booster hung his head, shuddering.  "S-sorry, Governess..."

	"Quite alright..."  Merigold paced slowly around the group of Jurists and changelings.  "You, creature..."  She singled out the shape-shifter right next to Rainbow Dash.  "You're rather well-spoken for a 'form-swapping freak,' as my children are so apt to call you."

	The changeling shivered.  "We... are g-good at emulating ponies around us."

	"I see."  Merigold nodded.  "Then you have been emulating the ponies of Amulek?"

	"You were... th-the first souls we found outside of our nest when our connection with Mother was broken," the changeling hesitantly said.  "The love and the comraderie you all share is palpable... and palatable.  Just being within miles of your town is enough to sustain us for—"

	"Sustain you?"  Merigold blinked.  "Then you mean to feed on us?"

	Ponies murmured in fright.  The changeling struggled to speak above them.  "It was Mother's desire for us to do such a thing when she made her nest in the mountain to begin with!  But since we lost contact with her, we lost all nefarious desires!  Please... I-I wish I could prove this to you somehow!"

	"You could prove it by being forthright about every single detail that you know!" Merigold exclaimed.

	"Ma'am, if I may..."  Rainbow Dash stepped forward.  "It's impossible for them to know every single detail."

	"And you do, I'm guessing?"

	"I know a lot," Rainbow said, nodding.  She teetered a bit, gulped, and continued.  "For instance, I know that this 'Mother' that she refers to is in fact a Changeling Queen named 'Chrysalis.'  She feeds off the misery of entire kingdoms of ponies.  She takes their love and twists it into something evil that she can control and then feed to her hive."

	"To what end?"

	"To gain power," Rainbow Dash said.  "So she can reinforce her sibling who's at war on the dark side of the world."

	Merigold and Drakshaa both collectively blinked at that.

	"Nnnngh..."  Rainbow Dash waved her hooves.  "Look, I-I know there's a whole lot of crud to take in.  Basically, what you need to know is that my gang and I have run into Chrysalis before.  Somehow, I was able to reach through her control of her children and give the entire changeling brood a taste of harmony.  This—like—severed their intense connection with Chrysalis."  She pointed at the small group of metamorphs.  "These guys—and the others outside—are the first bunch of changelings we've discovered since our last run-in.  Somehow, I wouldn't doubt that there're bunches of shape-shifters stuck in random places all over the surface world, abandoned and lost, not knowing what to do with their newfound freedom."

	"You mean like terrorizing an entire town full of non-freaks?!"  Drakshaa snarled.  Despite Merigold's insistence, he further spat, "Just where do you get off?!"

	"Please... you have to understand..."  The changeling beside Rainbow Dash stammered.  "There was no other way!  We know!  Because we tried!"

	"Really?"  Drakshaa frowned.  "How?!"

	"Weeks ago, we first came to this village posing as wealthy ponies seeking to buy out the town and the mines!  We even salvaged some silver from the mountain itself to make it look like we were rich!"

	Booster Spice murmured aside, "The suited stallions from the north..."

	"Good heavens," Merigold murmured, holding a ho