of over her muzzle  "No wonder they were so awkward..."

	"You can't buy silver with less silver," Drakshaa muttered.  "Friggin' idiots..."

	"And do you remember the week after?" the changeling exclaimed.  "The Val Roan officials with the royal decree for relocation?"

	"You mean those charlatans were you too?!"  Booster Spice stammered.  He grinned stupidly.  "Wow, you don't know what Val Roans even look like, huh?!"

	"It never occurred to you to simply appear to us as you truly are?" Merigold inquired.

	The changeling shook its head.  "Judging from today's reaction, would we have gotten any better a reception then?"

	Drakshaa rolled his eyes.

	Merigold glanced at him, then at the speechless villagers seated all around the hall.  She sighed and looked straight ahead.  "Allow me to guess, you ran out of options?"

	"We were hatched to be agents of misery and destruction," the changeling said.  "It occurred to us that the best way to handle this situation was to do so naturally.  If we couldn't convince your village to flee out of harm's reach, then perhaps we could frighten you into action."

	"And then you took on the dragon form?" Merigold remarked.

	"But wait..."  Booster Spice scratched his head.  "The dragon started attacking us months ago."

	"We know," the changeling hesitantly said.  "That... w-was Mother's doing.  Among her many experiments, she was attempting to find a way to have mass broodlings impersonate the Dark Divine that she had in her employ."

	"Nevlamas, Governess," Rainbow Dash explained.  "It was a creature sent to destroy the ponies who lived on a continent far to the west."

	"Ledomare and Xona, ma'am," Pilate spoke up.  "It's where my beloved and I hail from."

	"For decades, they had been locked in a bloody, ongoing conflict," Belle said.  "Entire generations had been invested in the war."

	"Chrysalis sought to use the war in her favor," Pilate explained.  "She seized an immortal dragon already corrupted by chaos and used her diseased flesh to construct something called 'chaos strips.'  These strips are capable of tapping into the discordant miasma through which our plane drifts and summoning horrible, otherworldly abominations."

	"Just like the ones inside your mountain," Rainbow said.  "Chrysalis had gone so far as to replace a Xonan monarch and control entire legions of otherwise innocent Xonans."  She gulped, fighting dizziness still.  "This same changeling queen threw prisoners into a giant flying city called Stratopolis, using the ancient sentinel to accomplish her own means.  It's... really n-not hard to believe that she was doing something similarly evil in this continent as well.  In fact, the reason why my friends and I have come this far is because we heard word of an invasion she was attempting to stage on Val Roa."

	"An invasion?!" Merigold breathed.

	"Or something like it!  I'm not sure exactly..."  Rainbow sighed.  "But shoving a nest full of changelings and chaos monsters inside your mountain makes total sense, because it's such a good staging area."  She winced.  "Erm... you know what I mean."

	"No, Miss Dash."  Merigold shook her head.  "I don't.  All of this that you're telling me, it goes beyond the heads of simple miners such as oureslves—"

	"But it's all true!" the changeling exclaimed, shivering.  "Mother had so much planned here!"

	"Then perhaps you can tell us what her plans were!"

	"I... I wish that we could."  The changeling winced.  "We... were s-severed before her message became clear."

	"Was she ever here?"  Merigold leaned her head to the side.  "This 'Chrysalis?'"

	"Once.  Long ago.  When we were first hatched," the changeling said.  "Of this, we are sure.  But she left at some point, and she gave her commands from afar.  That's what led us to guard over the silver that she had corrupted in your mountain.  That's also what taught us to take on the form of Nevlamas.  We all feel something tugging us east—which we're now told is in the direction of your Val Roa."

	"She probably wanted to send th