e whole arsenal in one fell swoop," Josho spoke up, his jaws tight.  "Dragons, changelings, chaos creeps—the whole works.  All that shock and awe would have made the Val Roans piss in their armor, without a damn doubt.  They'd probably have galloped straight into the Grand Choke."

	"But now that Chrysalis' connection is severed—"

	"She lost control of us.  But you have to understand, Governess..."  The changeling stepped forward.  "Nopony and nothing controls the chaos monsters now!"  Ponies throughout the hall murmured in fright.  She continued, "Only Mother knew the secret to overpowering them!  She must have personally overseen the transport of Nevlamas' spawn from Stratopolis to here!  But since we've been severed, we've lost our influence, and the creatures have been stirring in increasing levels of unrest!  Even now, as each hour of each day ticks by, we can feel them growing more wild and unpredictable!  Please understand, we haven't just been trying to get you ponies out of this valley... we've been trying to keep those monsters inside the mountain!  But we're failing!  We're failing on both fronts!"

	Ponies broke into a worrisome commotion, exchanging glances.

	"You must leave this town... you must leave this valley!"  The changeling's fangs glistened in the torchlight.  "I... I-I don't know what else to tell you to convince you!"

	Merigold paced closer.  "Even if all of this is true—"

	"And it totally is," Rainbow said.

	Merigold ignored her.  "I find it intriguing that you and your fellow 'hatchlings' ultimately decided that the best thing to do was continue terrorizing us in the dragonform that your 'Chrysalis' instructed you to do in the first place."

	"We... have never been skilled at diplomacy, ma'am," the changeling said, hanging its head.

	"You could have fooled me."

	"And we have," a voice said from the far end of the room.  "But only to understand more what we were dealing with, in hopes of learning a different, better solution."

	The entire room stirred.  Merigold turned aside, squinting into the shadows.  "Who speaks?  What is the meaning of this?"

	Three random villagers trotted into the center of the hall from the far corners of the room.  In the center, Rainbow spotted a familiar face.

	"Keebroo...?"

	"You have to forgive us, Governess," Keebroo said.  "While we knew that we had to drive you out of here, we... also h-had to feed.  It was the only way we could sustain ourselves throughout the whole effort."

	"Feed?"  Merigold blinked.  "What do you mean, child?"

	Rainbow gulped.  "Hoboy."

	"Huh?" Booster Spice glanced over.  "Why does this deserve a 'Hoboy?'"

	Keebroo took a deep breath.  In perfect coordination, he and the two ponies beside him vanished in a wave of green flame, replaced by three identical changelings.

	The entire room exploded in gasps and shrieks of shock.

	"Okay!"  Booster squeaked, shivering beside Rainbow Dash and Roarke.  "Definitely a 'hoboy!'"

	"You..."  Drakshaa slurred into a growing snarl.  "You were one of these deceitful manure bags the whole time?!"

	"You dare replace three of ours?!" Merigold said, the hairs on her wrinkly neck rising up.  "We had thought they had fled Amulek with their families!"

	"And they did, Governess!" the changeling who was Keebroo exclaimed.  "We simply found strategic ways to pretend that these three hadn't, and in that way we facilitated our place among the township!"

	"To do what?!"  Drakshaa growled.  "To spy on us?!"

	"Not... a very smart revelation," Roarke muttered out the side of her mouth.

	The changeling glanced at her.  "We were told to be completely forthright!"  It turned towards the gawking villagers.  "And so we are!  No more secrets!  No more shadows!  We have..."  It winced.  "...greatly underestimated the fierce love and loyalty that you ponies share with one another.  This is something we've learned overtime, even while sharing the emotions we've sampled in this town to keep ourselves alive.  Please, understand, we only ever wanted to reloc