ate you!  We've never meant to dissolve you as a culture!"

	"That's not the way I'm seeing it!"  Drakshaa paced thunderously around.  He shouted at the onlooking ponies as much as at the changelings.  "Sounds to me like you decided to siphon us for all we had to give!"

	"What?!  No!  We just meant—"

	"To terrorize us from the outside and coddle us from within!  You call that helping us?!  Fuzzy skin or bug shells, I can smell a hypocrite when it's in the same room with me!"

	"Drakshaa," the changeling spoke.  "If a single one of you stepped into those mines you'd be eaten alive by what Mother planted in there—"

	"Do not call me by my name!"  Drakshaa pointed viciously at the creature.  "You are no friend of mine!  The real Keebroo may have been a total pushover, but at least he knew what it meant to be loyal!"

	"But—"

	"And not some deceitful bastard!"  Drakshaa spun towards the elder.  "Governess, are you gonna friggin' stand for this?!  These freaks have been eating us from the inside out!  What more evidence do you need?!"

	The whole hall erupted in angry shouts and furious rants.

	Josho glared left and right.  Belle and Pilate held each other nervously.

	"Hey... Hey!"  Rainbow Dash hovered on weak wings, wincing slightly.  "Cut them some slack!  Come on!"

	"Quiet, outsider."  Drakshaa grunted.  "You've said enough—"

	"No, you shut up, jerkface!"  Rainbow frowned at the crowd.  "Less than a month ago, these changelings knew nothing but misery!  They were fed nothing but the stuff!  All the time!  They devoured pain day and night, courtesy of a selfish mutated Alicorn who's willing to risk anything—even the lives and welfare of her own hatchlings—just to accomplish some stupid agenda in a far off place!  Suddenly, overnight, they're free creatures who desire harmony and love!  Can't you friggin' forgive them for taking a few bumps and making goofy mistakes along the way?!  I mean—for Pete's sake!"  Rainbow flung two hooves towards the hall's entrance.  "Your mountain's filled to the brim with life-eating chaos serpents!  Love these changelings or leave 'em, nothing's going to change the fact that all this time they were trying their darnedest to save you from a very real... very dangerous... very chaotic threat!"

	Belle spoke up, "They might seem monsterous on the surface, but they only mean well!  And as hard as it may to believe, Rainbow and the rest of the jurists witnessed them turn leaf first hoof!"

	"They ambushed us in the flying city of Stratopolis, governess," Pilate said.  "But then—within a day—they all turned and helped free us from the very same threat.  They are capable of good.  You just need to give them the benefit of a doubt!"

	"And if you don't, then you'll end up as bad as the Ledomaritans and Xonans back west!" Josho said firmly.  "Even worse!  The whole lot of us have yet to see what can really happen when these friggin' fart monsters are let loose on an innocent pony populace.  Hell, back in Xona, Rainbow stopped Nevlamas and Chrysalis before the absolute worst could happen!"

	Silence hung in the room.

	At last, Merigold took a deep breath.  She trotted towards Rainbow Dash.  "These friends... they speak for you..."

	"Yes, ma'am.  They do."

	"And do they speak the truth?"

	Rainbow blinked.  "Of... of c-course!"

	Merigold frowned.  "And just what would you have me do, Rainbow Dash?  Flee from our very own home?"  She waved at the creatures.  "Give in to these imposters demand and trust them more than my own flesh and blood... my own instincts?"

	"I know that it's a lot to take in, Governess—"

	"No."  Merigold shook her head.  "You don't know.  Your travels sound remarkable and they sound perilous.  But a life lived in the air, constantly on the move, is a far cry from the weight of having to dissolve the only home you've known for generations."

	"Governess, with all due respect."  Rainbow Dash touched back down beside Roarke.  "I've given up more than you think.  There are nights when I can't stop dwelling 