on what I've lost... and what I've sacrificed.  But..."  She bit her lip, glanced aside at Roarke, and sighed.  "...if I chose to regret all of those changes, I would choose to reject what I am now.  And that's impossible.  In spite of all of the highs and lows, I'm proud of who I am and where I am—even if there is no 'where' to be drawn on a map."

	"How do you expect us to even possibly relate to that, Miss Dash?"

	Rainbow's ruby eyes narrowed.  "Because, in the end, loyalty is the best home you can ever have." She gulped.  "This village may not survive, but your villagers can.  Leave this place..."

	The entire room erupted in shock and anger.

	Rainbow spoke louder.  "Leave!  And we'll help you get the Val Roans to come here and—"

	"And do what?!"  Drakshaa snarled.  "Build us all aircraft so we can fly around the world, disturbing the peace like you?!"

	"No!  I mean—"

	"Silence!"  Merigold exclaimed.  "All of you!"  As the room died down, she gave Rainbow an exhausted look, and then the changelings an even more exhausted look.  After a firm breath, she said, "Leave us."

	"But—!"  The changeling that was Keebroo stepped forward.  "Governess—!"

	"Leave now!" Merigold growled.  "Leave the premises!  We will talk again when I decide.  I must... deliberate on this..."

	"And just how long do you intend to do that?!" Roarke spoke up.  "Rainbow and the rest of us have told you everything you need to know about the looming threat and—"

	"I know, metal one!" Merigold retorted, eyes like daggers.  "That is why I am asking you to leave rather than forcing you by knife point!"  She pointed out the front entrance.  "Until you can claim to have selfless ancestors who've lived and died on this land, you cannot pretend to make decisions for it.  Now, depart, before my patient draws thin."

	Gradually, the ponies broke up, murmuring in shattered clusters.

	The changelings exchanged glances.  Their eyes flickered green in cadence, and they buzzed limply out the front entrance, causing local villagers to flinch and gawk at them.

	Rainbow Dash was panting as if having galloped up hill.  She tried taking a step, but stumbled.  Roarke caught the wincing pegasus.  Using her weight, the metal mare helped Rainbow out the door, where they were joined by the limping trot of Josho, Belle, and Pilate.

	Booster Spice looked all around, biting his lip.  Finally, with a nervous breath, he galloped out, joining the jurists.

	Drakshaa stood in the center of the hall, fuming with folded forelimbs.  As the crowd gradually broke up, he drew over his face, sighing as his features went slack... dull.
		//------------------------------//
		// A Very, Very Chaotic Problem		//------------------------------//

	The sun was setting red and rosy over the western reaches of Amulek.  On the opposite side of the sleepy village, between where the treeline began and where the fog rolled in, a cluster of ponies stood under swaying branches in a chilly wind.  Changelings hung in the shadows, several of them perched on the branches as their clear eyes lingered on the town hall at a distance.

	"Well, that went about as well as a Ledo passing a watermelon-sized kidney stone," Josho grunted.  "And by that, of course, I mean 'as well as could be expected.'"

	"I can't understand the Governess!  This shouldn't have to take some long, overwrought decision!" Booster Spice stammered, pacing in a loose circle.  "Why can't she see what's right in front of her?!"

	"More like what's looming above her," Pilate said.  His ears twitched to the sound of several sets of hooves swiveling his way.  "What?  Surely a blind zebra can still use metaphors of 'sight.'"

	"Ahem..."  Belle turned towards Booster.  "The meeting could certainly have gone better.  A lot of startling bits of information were thrown on your town all in one heap."

	"Granted, there truly is no way to soften that sort of a blow," Pilate said.

	"We had to convey the urgency of the situation to her!" a changeling said.  "Even before the one called Rai