ut the horizon!  You're n-not the one who h-has to close her eyes every n-night, knowing that she'll see that vision of their faces again... of their screams... their bodies twisted in pain as one by one they... th-they..."  Rainbow's face contorted in a sob as she fell to her belly, weeping into the wooden deck.

	Belle watched with her muzzle agape.  Pilate's ears hung limp on either side of his skull.

	Sniffling, hiccuping, Rainbow Dash gradually pushed herself back up into a standing position.  "I know.  I-I know."  She gulped.  "There was n-nothing you could have done to stop Discord.  Nopony knew just how crazy p-powerful he was... or what the elements would have d-done when they tried to fight him without me.  I... I-I don't want to h-hate you, Celestia.  I never have.  I love you..."  She squeaked, running a hoof over her tear-stained muzzle.  "Oh gosh, I love you.  How c-can't I?  You're all I have left..."

	After a while, Celestia's voice gently drifted over the sound of Rainbow's shuddering voice.  "Am I truly the only one...?"

	Rainbow Dash sucked her breath in, clenching her jaw.  Slowly, she turned around, staring painfully at Belle and Pilate.

	The two ponies sat in reverent silence.

	Slowly, with meager grace, Rainbow trotted closer towards them.

	
		//------------------------------//
		// The Worst Kind of Eclipse		//------------------------------//

	"I love you guys..."  Rainbow Dash took a shuddering breath and stood between Pilate and Belle on the top deck.  "I love you enough to protect you no matter what.  And I love you enough to leave you be when the time comes.  But we all have to understand... th-that there are things that are simply out of my control."  She inhaled heavily, eyes streaming with tears.  "No matter how fast I can fly... no matter how awesome I am... the world is simply too dangerous for me to stop every signle horrible thing that happens.  What happened in Lerris is terrible.  What happened to you guys and Kera is unthinkably bad.  But the only thing I can absolutely guarantee that I can control is my loyalty to you.  And... and I-I've been so very bad about that, lately..."

	She trotted up to Pilate, nuzzling him gently on the side of his head. 

	"I've left you in the dark.  What I thought you needed was a protector.  What you've truly needed is a friend."

	She side-stepped over to Belle, planting her hooves on the mare's forelimbs.

	"I wish you had told me what you knew about Imre, but you aren't the one who murdered her and you aren't responsible for making Shell the monster that he was.  None of us are."

	She shuffled backwards, hanging her head towards the top deck.

	"You all went through something so... so bad... and I spent so much time blaming myself and thinking about my faults that I didn't think of preserving my strength.  And that's my love and commitment to you.  I felt that keeping my distance and focusing on the journey would be enough.  But obviously, it's not.  We're falling apart.  Lerris happened weeks ago, but it could just as well have been yesterday or today.  Nothing's healed, because I've abandoned it.  I've abandoned you.  And I'm sorry."

	Rainbow lifted her head up, gnashing her teeth.  "I'm so... so sorry.  I love you guys too much to let it go on like this.  But I'm not the only one."  She clenched her teeth and spoke in a firmer voice.  "You need to stop this.  Whatever this is.  It must go on no further."

	Belle hung her head while Pilate kneaded his hooves against the top deck.

	Rainbow took a firm step forward.  "You both love each other.  You're practically heads over hooves for each other!  I don't know what it is about Lerris that's gotten you so worked up against each other that the miracle of your survival is like a speck of dust in the wind.  You've been given another chance!  This is your opportunity to make what's best of your lives, Kera's life, all our lives!  Please... please... don't go it alone.  Don't do what I did for so long in my anger, sadness, and hopelessness.  It took my death at t