nbow Dash arrived, we were starting to realize how impossible our venture had become—"

	"You should have known better than to have infiltrated their ranks like they were some enemy batallion!" Roarke shouted, marching into the feeble changeling's face, forcing the creature to fall on its shivering haunches.  She further snarled, "At least you could have remained hidden!  I don't know where in your cockroach minds you thought it was excusable to use the facade of Keebroo and the other two as some sort of diplomatic bargaining chip!"

	"I... but we... we just—"

	"Roarke..."  Rainbow wheezed, leaning tiredly against a tree.  Her eyes flickered red-on-yellow then back as she winced.  "Just... l-lay off for once..."

	"No!  I shall not!"  Roarke snarled, all-but-spitting in the nervous changeling's muzzle.  "They've made it perfectly clear that they're more than self-aware of their own inexperience!  They should have come up with a less risky plan than continuing the hijinks of their putrid matriarch!"

	"She does have a point, Rainbow," Josho grunted.  "It wasn't very smart."

	"We c-couldn't leave these ponies!" The changeling gulped.  "We just couldn't abandon them in the shadow of these chaotic abominations!  Like Mother abandoned us!"

	"I do not buy for a second that you are as helpless as you paint yourselves to be," Roarke hissed.

	"Roarke—" Rainbow wheezed.

	"I've seen you in action!" Roarke shouted.  "I've seen you consume lives and transform entire kingdoms!"  She flung a hoof in the air.  "You could have stolen those chaos strips away!  You could have destroyed them!  You could have done anything but just leave them as a death trap for everypony around you!  Just look at what the discordant energy is doing to Rainbow Dash—!"

	"Dammit, Roarke, would you—nngnh!"  Rainbow collapsed onto the grass beneath the trees.

	"Rainbow!" Belle shouted.

	Roarke spun, gasping.  She rushed over to the pegasus' side.

	Belle, Pilate, and Josho were already there.  Booster Spice and the changelings watched over their shoulders, nervously.  Roarke rushed down and scooped Rainbow up.

	The mare panted and panted, her thin eyes flickering in and out of ruby brilliance.  "Nnnngh... Roarke, don't..."  She gulped.  "D-don't blame them for that.  You and I b-both know it ain't the changelings fault for what's... h-happening to me."  She shuddered, ears folding back.  "Celestia, it's getting so light..."

	"Oh Spark... bl-blessed Spark!"  Belle held a hoof over her muzzle as tears welled up in her eyes.  "Roarke, we have t-to get her on board the Jury!  There's still room in the infirmary beside Ebon—"

	"Ding Dong, relax..."  Rainbow reached a hoof out and touched her shoulder.  She smild warily.  "I know it looks bad... but it'll pass—"

	"And they keep getting worse, though, Rainbow!" Belle shrieked.  She hiccuped on a sob and leaned on Pilate's frame as she said, "How 'bad' are they going to look until you can't even stand to breathe?!"

	"I... tr-try not to stress so bad about tomorrow."

	"Rainbow, for Spark's sake—"

	"For real..."  Rainbow hissed, shook, and struggled to sit up.  Roarke ultimately helped her, and Rainbow rested dizzily on her haunches.  "Let's not change the subject.  There's more at risk here than me."  She turned and stared up at the changelings in the trees with thin eyes.  "What if Merigold decides to move all the villagers out of town.  Then what?"

	"That's not going to matter!" one of them said.  "Don't you get it?"

	"Lay it on me."

	"The abominations are growing restless at an exponential rate!" another one of the shape-shifters spoke up.  "We can't guess when or at what time, but they're going to grow weary of feasting on wildlife in the forest surrounding the mountains!"

	"They've already done this...?" Pilate nervously asked.

	"Several times!" another said, nodding its dark head.  "Nopony understands just how many times we've saved the ponies of Amulek time and time again from a narrow brush with death!  There were days when the 