monsters were practically nipping at their hooves!"

	"And just now?" Roarke asked, still fuming.  "When we lost Whizzball due north of here?"

	Josho spun and blinked at her.  "Oh, did you, now?"

	"Silence, obese one," Roarke grunted.

	"Hrmmff..."

	A changeling was already replying to her.  "That was the largest outburst of the creatures yet," it explained.  "They only returned to mountain because either there was nothing left living in the vicinity to feast on, or their silver strips still had cohesion.  But, soon enough, the strips will no longer be able to contain their own structure.  They've been gradually dissolving since Mother abandoned this place."

	"Then that means...?" Pilate began.

	The changeling shuddered as it said, "They will have nothing anchoring them to the mountain anymore.  There will be nothing to draw them back from their holding place."

	"Where will they go?" Booster Spice asked in a quiet voice.

	"Simple.  Where there is life," the changeling said.  "They feast on more than just emotion.  They devour harmony, for they are chaos incarnates."

	Another changeling spoke up, "They will consume Amulek in an instant, turning all living flesh into ragged strips of distorted meat. And then they will take their feast as far as their boundless energy will carry them.  Even to Val Roa and abroad."

	"Durandana..."  Pilate murmured.  "...Alafreo."

	Belle gulped.  "Luxmare..."

	Rainbow Dash sighed, leaning against Roarke's limbs.  "Equestria."  She gulped.  "I get it."  She looked up.  "And what if we get a powerful bunch of ponies here to stop them?  Like the Val Roans."

	"Rainbow Dash, there simply isn't enough time!" a changeling stammered.  "That's why it's absurd to wait for Merigold!"  It gestured at the group.  "Even discussing this with our mouths like normal ponies is a terrible waste of time!"

	"Surely we must mutually discover a solution to this problem—" Pilate began.

	"And these 'Val Roans' will not properly eliminate the threat!" the changeling stated.  "It doesn't matter what sort of weaponry they have in their arsenal!"

	Roarke's lenses pistoned outward upon hearing that.  "Why would that be so?"

	"Isn't it obvious?"  One of the changelings in the trees spoke up.  "Of all emotion, anger is the closest ally of chaos.  That's why Mother was so keen to harvest these things from the dragon called 'Nevlamas.'  Her goal was to spread malice so that we—her children—might consume it and make her strong."

	"So... what you're trying to tell us..."  Josho scratched his chins.  "...is that if we send a bunch of soldiers into the mountains to blow these freaktards up—"

	"It will only strengthen them!" the changeling said.  "Of this, we are most certain!  The abominable feast will quadruple in strength and ferocity!"

	"Somehow, I totally believe that," Rainbow Dash said.

	"Then there is no proper solution at this point," Roarke droned.

	"Roarke," Belle sighed.  "We can't simply dismiss—"

	"It was folly to come here," Roarke said.  "I don't care what Rainbow Dash has seen in her visions."

	"Roarke—" Rainbow protested.

	"It's decided."  Roarke hoisted Rainbow Dash up and tried leaning her over her flank.  "We're leaving.  Us, Rainbow, the Jury."

	"Roarke, nnngh... stop—"

	"We must make as much distance between us and this damned mountain as conceivably possible—"

	"Dammit, Roarke, stop trying to protect me!" Rainbow shoved off of her.  She teetered a bit, but found her balance in time to glare at the metal mare.  "Stop it!"  She aimed her frown at the others.  "All of you!"  Her hooves stomped in the ground.  "I love you and I get that you all love me too but why can't we just wrap our heads around the fact that there are some things bigger than me and the rest of us combined?!"

	Roarke stared back, lips quivering.  Her lenses retracted, and in a very quiet voice she said, "I do not wish to lose you."

	Rainbow clenched her eyes shut.  She fought the urge to sniffle.  One wobbly step after another, she shu