ffled towards the mare and gently took two of her hooves in her own.  "Roarke... sexy girl..."  She opened a pair of eyes.  Tiny tears refracted the flicker of red and yellow as she said, "You lost me long before you ever had me." 

	Roarke's ears folded back.

	Rainbow took a shuddering breath.  She swallowed a lump down her throat and looked over at Belle and Pilate.  "Bellesmith... Pilate... I... I-I'm so sorry."  She tried hobbling over towards them.  The pair met her halfway, holding her up.  "You... you guys know me.  I was soaring my way east long before I made the best friends a homesick pegasus ever could.  After all the dragons I've kicked and zombies I've headbutted, I'll be damned if I'm going to breathe the last breaths of my life while running away from something."

	Belle nodded, a tear running down her cheek.  "We know, Rainbow Dash."

	"We do understand," Pilate said.  "But..."  He tilted his head up.  "What can we do?"

	"I..."  Rainbow winced.  She turned towards Roarke, who had her head bowed.  A cold breath.  "I don't know..."

	"It is not your place to know, Rainbow Dash," one of the changelings above said.  "It was never your place.  Not once did we expect the pony who freed us to cross our paths."

	"Yeah, well... she has."  Rainbow looked up.  "So, what now?  There's gotta be some sort of silver bullet."

	"Maybe at one point, there would have been," the changelings siad.  "But it is far too late for that now.  The abominations are restless, and we are the ones responsible for the terror they're about to unleash."

	"Hrmmmmf..."  Josho folded his forelimbs with a frown.  "Told you we shouldn't have dicked around in that Pegasus Sex Crater..."

	"Cram it, breeder," Roarke groaned.

	"Roarke—" Rainbow entreated her.

	"We must not tarry here any longer," the changelings overhead said.  One by one, they took flight, their wings buzzing.  "We must go."

	"Go?!"  Booster Spice gawked at them through his goggles.  "Go where?!"

	"We will head back to the mountain.  All of us."

	"Just how many of you are there?" Roarke asked.

	"Less than fifty," one explained.  "Even if we had two hundred, it doesn't make our task any easier."

	"And just what sort of a plan do you have in motion?" Pilate asked.

	"We will attempt to forge a wall using our own bodies," one changeling said.  "A wall that will block the exit from the cave."

	"What good will that do?!" Booster sputtered.  "We saw these creatures!  They were see-through ethereal monstrosities!  How could you possibly hold them back?!"

	"We must nevertheless try."

	"Yeah, and you will die in the process!"

	"If that is the case, so be it."

	Booster clammed up, blinking.  He hung his head with a sigh.  "There has to be another way..."

	"There is not," one changeling said.  "If we go now, we and our siblings can perhaps corner the monsters against the metal walls.  There, they might find solace among the metal strips and delay their inevitable—"

	"Wait... wait wait wait."  Rainbow Dash held her hooves up.  "...did you just say 'metal walls?'"

	"Mmmm.  Indeed."  One changeling nodded.  "Deep in the belly of the mountain."

	"But..."  Booster squinted.  "Drakshaa and his miners never found any such—"

	"It dwells deeper than any possible mineshaft.  Mother had the changelings who facilitated our hatching bore a hole to its location months ago.  What her plan was with the material, we cannot fathom, but it has acted as a secure base against which the strips were deposited."

	Roarke gulped.  She turned towards Rainbow.  "Rainbow..."

	Rainbow, in the meantime, was staring northeast.  The Yaerfaerda symbol flicked before her, brighter than ever.

	"Rainbow..."  Roarke trotted closer, nearly breathless.  "Wh-what are you thinking...?"

	Rainbow took a deep breath.  "...that we need to get on board Floydien's ship right friggin' now."  She turned and looked wearily at the metal mare.  "We'd better get the whole Jury in session over this..."

		//------------------------------//
		// On t