he Willows There, We...		//------------------------------//

	"Are you loco in the coco?!" Props' voice echoed against the nearby treetops.  "You'll turn to mush mush from those snake thingies before you can do anything!"

	Meanwhile Eagle Eye carried Ebon Mane up the stairwell.  The mercenary and cook leaned against one another.  Eagle Eye blinked while Ebon squinted into the starlight.

	The Jurists were gathered all across the top deck of the Jury.  Booster Spice stood with them while a cluster of changelings clung to the skystone crystal and its support struts above.

	"EE...?" Ebon murmured nervously.

	"Spark alive."  Eagle gulped.  "These guys again."

	"Props, there's a piece of the machine world deep inside that mountain," Rainbow wheezed, hovering weakly in the center of the group.  "I've seen this sort of thing multiple times.  Where there's a layer of metal, there's a door.  I can totally fly in there, draw the chaos creatures after me, and seal them away for good."

	"Dashie, not everything is like White Rap!"

	"Windthrow."

	Props waved her forelimbs around.  "You could be flying into a death trap!  Or a dead end!  That's the deathliest death trap of all!"

	Zaid trotted forward, resting a calm hoof on Props' shivering shoulder.  "Rainbow, for real."  He gulped.  "You didn't find a door in Durandana.  So what makes you so darn sure there's gonna be one here?"

	"Durandana was a fluke," Rainbow said.  "A crater caused the metal layer of the world to be exposed.  Nothing else."  Rainbow's ruby-eyed gaze swam across the group.  "This mountain is different.  I see something glowing in the heart of it—"

	"Rainbow?!"  Props frowned.  "Just because some Yogi Bearra symbol is calling for you doesn't make it the same as the flame you've huffed before!"

	"You're right."  Rainbow nodded.  "This makes it all the more important for me to investigate.  To find out for sure what it is and what it means."  She gulped hard, pointing northeast.  "Something's gotta be done about the abominations that are chomping at the bit to fly out of the mountain and ravage every living thing on this continent.  I... I feel as if Yaerfaerda is calling to me."  She shook her head.  "I'm too close to ignore it now."

	"The paint bucket boomer has always had her own glimmer shimmer," Floydien said.  "This does not surprise Floydien."

	"Don't joke, handsome!"  Props yelped, her eyes welling up with tears.  "Dashie could die!  Don't you g-get that?!"  She fell on her haunches, shivering.  Zaid leaned in and nuzzled her close.

	"Or, y'know, Lil' Miss Awesomeness could not die."  He looked up, ears folded.  "Right...?"

	Rainbow Dash bit her lip.  She turned and looked at where Pilate and Belle stood with Kera, then at Roarke.

	"Rainbow...?"

	Rainbow looked across the top deck.

	Eagle Eye gently placed Ebon down.  The cook leaned against a skystone support beam while Eagle trotted closer.  "Take us with you!  We've fought terrible creatures before!  We... w-we could hold these things off while you take your dive into the heart of the mountain!"

	"I'm afraid I can't do that, EE," Rainbow said.  "Whizzball is down for the count.  Even as light as you are, carrying you alone would slow me down."  A bittersweet chuckle.  "Don't even bring Josho into the equation..."

	"We really must be going," one of the changelings stammered.  "Even as we speak, the monsters are stirring, more and more restless."

	"What about th-this ship?!" Booster spoke aloud.  His goggles glinted in the starlight as he smiled.  "You can fly her there and provide cover!"

	"If you're near the mouth of the mountain when the monsters fly loose," another changeling said, "You will all be the first to be consumed."

	"They fly faster than you can imagine," explained another.  "The only reason they didn't catch up to Rainbow Dash and her two friends this morning is because we collectively distracted them."

	"Well, we c-can't just abandon her here!" Eagle Eye stammered, increasingly breathless.  "Not with the way sh-she's 