been feeling lately and... and... and..."

	"Kiddo," Josho spoke up, his tone neutral.  "We've got the fastest ship this side of the continent.  If things go south here in Amulek, Val Roa's going to need forewarning of this catastrophe."

	"The fat boomer is right," Floydien muttered.  "Nancy Jane may be the only thing to prepare this world for the new spread of glimmer shimmer."

	"After all we've been through, we can't let that bastard Chrysalis win," Josho said.

	"I don't get it!"  Kera trotted forward on tiny hooves.  "Why would we be leaving Rainbow behind?!  We're gonna need her in Val Roa, r-right?"

	Rainbow leaned down towards her.  "I'm needed here, Kera.  I'm the only pony who can open up the machine world's door.  I'm the one soul who can seal the monsters away."

	"But why can't you join us in Val Roa?!"

	Rainbow Dash sighed heavily.  "Because I-I'm probably not coming back from this, Kera."

	Every Jurist hung their heads.

	Kera stared, her lips quivering beneath glossy green eyes.  "No... no...!"

	"I need you to be strong, Kera," Rainbow said firmly, squeezing her shoulder.  "For Pilate and Bellesmith.  They're going to need you from now on—"

	"Not without you!"  Kera flew forward and buried her sobbing face in Rainbow's chest.  "Not w-without you!"

	Rainbow clenched her jaw as she gently held the crying filly.  It was a tense effort, for the waves of dizziness still plagued the edges of her vision.

	Belle sniffled and leaned against Pilate's shoulder.  Props rubbed a hoof over her wet eyes while Zaid watched quietly.

	"Y-you c-can't just give up like th-this!" Kera whimpered.  "You just can't!  You're bigger than this!  Stronger than this!"

	"Kera..."  Rainbow stroked her back.  "Pssst... Scamp."  She tilted the filly's chin up and smiled at her.  "The fact that I'm bigger than this is precisely why I have to do what I've gotta do."

	"But... b-but..."

	"If I was the kind of pony to give up, I'd never have gotten past the borders of Equestria."  She smiled.  "I'd never have come close to crossing paths paths with a pony as awesome and radical as you."  She leaned in and nuzzled the foal.  "You have so... so much strength, Kera.  I'm super thrilled that you believe in me, but now you have to believe just as much in yourself.  Belle and Pilate need it.  And so do you."

	"Rainbow..."  Kera hiccuped, her face awash with tears.  "Don't go.  Please..."

	"There's a spark waiting for me down there, Kera."  Rainbow Dash stood up, gently patting the filly's head.  "Someday, you'll too find that spark, and you'll realize what has to be done."  She gulped.  "I just hope it's not in as dark and freaky of a place.  You're the kind of pony who deserves an audience."  Rainbow heard hoofsteps; she looked up.

	Belle and Pilate stood on either side of Kera.  They gazed at Rainbow Dash, struggling to stand straight.

	"We believe in you," Belle said with a bittersweet smile.  A tear rolled down her cheek.  "We always have.  Please... please f-forgive us for doubting."

	"Stop apologizing, Ding-Dong," Rainbow said with a smirk.  "I don't want my last memory of you to be slapping your stubby horn left and right—"

	Belle lunged forward, engulfing Rainbow in a deep hug.  She nuzzled the mare's neck and murmured through her tears: "You will come back... I know it..."  A shuddering sob.  "I've witnessed it before..."

	Rainbow squeezed Belle's back.  "If you believe in me, then you'll know not to wait around if I buck things up."  She murmured into the mare's ear.  "Have Floydien get you guys to safety.  Head for Val Roa.  Find a place that's peaceful to live for the rest of your lives.  I don't care if you have to cuddle up to the Grand Choke."

	"We are at peace, Rainbow," Belle whispered.  "You've given us that.  You've given us everything."

	Pilate leaned in, cuddling Rainbow from behind.  "We love you, Rainbow."  Kera leaned in, rubbing her moist cheek against one of Rainbow's forelimbs as the zebra continued, "You've never let us down.  You won't now."
