
	Rainbow tilted her head back and nuzzled the stallion.  "Look towards the mountain, bright eyes."  A wry smirk.  "If you guys see the fog roll back, that means I've done it.  If you don't—"

	"You will succeed," Pilate hissed, his ears twitching.  "You always do."

	"Heh... who am I to second-guess my favorite referee?"  Rainbow winked while Pilate produced a dry chuckle.  "Promise me whatever life you guys live, it'll only have contained explosions."

	"We promise, Rainbow Dash," Pilate said.  "The world won't be as stimulating without you with us."

	"I don't think I've had a sexier compliment."  Rainbow Dash said.  She backtrotted, her hooves dragging... dragging... then finally slipping out of Eljunbyro's grasp.  Belle and Pilate knelt down, holding Kera close as they watched Rainbow draw further away.

	Rainbow brushed past Josho.  "I mean this as sincerely as I can say it with my own vocal chords," the obese stallion uttered.  "You've got bigger balls than I ever did."

	"Heh... why else do I have so many colors in my tail?"  Rainbow smiled.  "It's to distract everypony's eyes."

	Josho smiled tiredly.  "What are the odds you will make it?  For real?"

	Rainbow shuddered through a wave of dizziness.  "How about this, Josho?  You go on a diet until we talk again muzzle to muzzle again."

	The stallion's ears folded back.  "I might enter a beauty pageant faster than Eagle Eye."

	"Now I'm actually sad."  Rainbow pivoted.  "Floydien.  You've got good ears."  She gulped and glanced at Pilate, Belle, and Kera.  "You know what to do if the fog doesn't roll away..."

	"Nancy Jane has only ever tried to mimic the paint bucket's glimmer," Floydien said.  His red eyes narrowed.  "Floydien only hopes paint bucket boomer isn't attempting to mimic Nancy Jane."

	"Sorry to disappoint you, Rudolph.  This is all me."

	"For that, Floydien is proud."

	"The one day I can actually read your lips."  Rainbow Dash shook her head with a smirk.  "You go on and say something like that."

	"Yes yes yes."

	Rainbow's teeth showed through a tired grin.  She nearly ran into Props and Zaid.

	"I really d-don't think this is so swell, Dashie," Props stammered.  "I'm just an engineer like my Unky Prowsy before me.  But..."  She sniffled.  "An engineer of the world?"

	"I wish I knew how to throw wrenches at stuff and have it make music overnight."  Rainbow gulped.  "Heck, if you were Austraeoh, you'd probably have fixed Urohringr months ago."

	Props giggled inwardly, then sniffed.  "Thank you, Dashie, for giving us all new lives."

	Rainbow smiled.  She leaned in and nuzzled the mare.  "Thanks, Props, for giving me a little breath of home."

	Props tried to smile back, but she broke into further tears.  She hid her face in Zaid's shoulder.  Meanwhile, the stallion glanced quietly at Rainbow.

	"I don't think I've seen you so serious... ever, Zaid."

	"I'm trying it on for a little bit," the stallion said with a weak smile.  "I'm only charged twenty bits if I turn it in a day late past the rental period."

	"Is there anything in the old Herald's book about Austraeoh taking a crazy stupid plunge into a death mountain full of monsters?"

	"No, but I could recite the bit about scrubbing a toilet while a thousand feet up in a skystone ship."

	Rainbow smirked.  "Never change, Zaid."

	"I'd say the same about you, sexy, but..."  He gulped.  "You're a hard act to follow."

	"Yeah."  Rainbow nodded and turned around.  "I know."

	She fell into a tight pair of lavender forelimbs.

	Rainbow wheezed for breath.

	Eagle Eye snuggled her close, his eyes tearing.  "Thank you..."

	"For... f-for what?"

	"Everything," the stallion whimpered, holding her closer.  "I found life... I found love... all because of you..."

	"EE..."  Rainbow patted his shoulder and pressed them both apart.  They looked into each other's eyes.  "You found yourself.  I only pointed you in a dangerous, kaizo direction, ya feel me?"

	"Yeah..."  Eagle sniffled with a tearful smile.  "Yeah, I do..."

	"Rainbow D