ash," Ebon wheezed as he trotted closer to the scene.  "Is there really no other way...?"

	"Look at the bright side."  Rainbow parted from Eagle's hug and trotted over to the cook.  "There'll be a crapton more apples for the rest of you guys to eat from now on."

	"Always so brave... so thoughtful..."  Ebon sighed, teetering slightly.  "Even when you're not saving us, you're saving us."

	"Wish I was saving you more often."  Rainbow squinted.  "You look almost as bad as I feel, Ebon."

	"I feel great, Rainbow..."  Ebon smiled with a single tear.  He leaned in just as Eagle trotted over to his side.  The stallions nuzzled each other dearly.  "Just... great."  He shuddered, his soft eyes falling on Rainbow once more.  "When you come back, I'll f-feel even greater."

	Rainbow Dash opened her muzzle... hesitated, then said, "Good bye, fellas.  Whatever you do..."  A backtrot and a salute.  "Don't have your honeymoon in the Grand Choke."

	Ebon bit his lip.  He and Eagle leaned against each other, watching Rainbow trot away with heavy sighs.

	As Rainbow came closer, Booster Spice raised his hoof and opened his mouth—

	"Hey Booster.  Nice goggles."

	Booster blinked.  He turned and blankly watched the mare as she trotted past.

	Rainbow stood beneath the perching changelings.  "I'm strong enough to fly, now," Rainbow said.  "I guess, in a way, I always was."

	"Good.  Because there isn't much time left," one changeling said.

	"If we hurry now, we just might be able to lead the escaping creatures back into the mountain," another said.

	"We'll do whatever we can to make sure you reach your destination."

	"But I still gotta lead the creeps, right?" Rainbow said.  "I mean, when all is said and done, they gotta be chasing me into the heart of the mountain."

	"Do you think you can fly for that long?"

	"Dudes, I've been flying for far longer than even your 'Mother' can boast of.  Less talk and more flapping."

	From afar, Ebon's head jerked towards the scene.  He blinked worriedly.

	Eagle Eye bit his lip.

	"We will lead the way," one of the changelings said as one by one they took off from the skystone.  "If your companions value their lives, they will do what the ponies of Amulek refuse.  They will put as much distance between themselves and this place."

	"The Jury knows what to do.  Don't you worry."

	"EE...?"  Ebon stammered.

	"Let's go, Ebon," Eagle murmured, leading the stallion back down the stairwell.

	"But... but Rainbow—"

	"There's n-nothing left to see here."  Eagle fought back a sob as the two descended below deck.  "Spark, sp-spare us..."

	Ebon nervously trotted along with him, though he gave one last feeble glance over his shoulder.

	As Rainbow Dash was just starting to take off, she caught a glance of a brown shape in the corner of her vision.  She looked over, eyes bright.

	Roarke stood on the starboard side of the ship, facing out towards the forests and mists, dead silent.

	"Just... j-just one second," Rainbow wheezed.

	"Rainbow Dash, there is no more seconds!" a changeling yelped.

	"We must make haste—"

	"Will you just friggin' wait?!" Rainbow snapped, galloping over to the starboard side.  "Without me, you're not doing this at all!  So just hold up!"
		//------------------------------//
		// Keep Moving, Find Your Place		//------------------------------//

	Roarke stood motionlessly, her lenses reflecting the starlight from where she stood.

	Rainbow Dash galloped to a stop, panting as if having run fifty miles in ten seconds.  She gulped and clenched her jaw tight.

	A bitter breath ran through Roarke's figure.  "Hey."

	Rainbow's ears instantly folded back.  "H-hey..."

	"You know, there was a time when the only greetings I would give a pony was a headbutt."

	"Heh... funny..."  Rainbow smirked crookedly.  "For a while there, that was how I alway said 'good bye.'"

	"Would you like to headbutt me now?"

	Rainbow winced.  She hung her head and glanced at her squirming hooves.  "Listen, Roake—"

	"I can deal 