with pain," Roarke droned.  "I've had organs ripped out of me and metal things shoved into me."

	Rainbow gulped.  "Bet you never thought you'd find a heart beneath all that blood and pulp, huh?"

	Roarke finally turned around.  Her lips were quivering  "You found it, Rainbow."

	Rainbow gazed at her in silence.

	"For a while there, Imre c-came close," Roarke said, her voice gradually collapsing, taking on a frighteningly foalish tone.  "But... she left this world before she could ever show it to me."  The metal mare's shoulders began to shake.  "She left me, Rainbow.  And... and n-now you?"

	"Roarke..."  Rainbow closed the distance, instantly nuzzling her.  "For Celestia's sake—"

	"Take me with you!" Roarke hissed, although her head was bowed.  "I-I don't care if I'll slow you down!  We'll think of something!  We always think of something—"

	"I can't.  This is something Austraeoh's gotta do.  It'll be tough enough for me to make it out on my own—"

	"I don't care if we don't make it out!" Roarke squeaked, trembling.  "I don't want to be alone again!"  She grimaced.  "Not after what y-you've given me.  Not after what I've t-tasted!"

	"You won't be alone, Roarke—"

	"Stop saying that!" Roarke was whispering at this point.  "With you gone, there is n-nothing, Rainbow!"  Something rattled from deep inside of her.  "I've got nothing left!"

	"Shhhhh... Roarke..."  Rainbow reached up with two hooves. She gently unclasped Roarke's lenses, freeing the mare's tears.  She buried her face in her chest, protecting her from the starlight as she held her close.  "Roarke..."  The mares rocked together as Rainbow spoke in a comforting tone.  "I did not kick your ass in Foxtaur, blow up your den full of scumbags, drag you across a warzone, and make sweet, sweet love just to introduce you to nothing.  Don't even pretend to smack talk what we've made together here."

	She tilted the mare's face up.  Twin blue slits struggled beneath a pool of tears to look up at her.

	Rainbow smiled.  "Life is awesome, Roarke.  If you don't believe that now, then you're not the 'Genius Most Rare' that all the cyborg gals touted back in Searo.  And understand this... I am not giving up.  I know it may look that way on the outside, but we all have our journeys to finish, and this is simply the next leg of mine.  It's a path that only I can take.  You've got one of your own, and it's just beginning."

	"You've... always h-had a beacon to guide you," Roarke stammered.  "And now, mine is going away.  How... h-how can I keep going?"

	Rainbow took a deep breath.  "You know, Roarke..."  She nuzzled the mare close, speaking into her ear.  "There was a time... long ago... when I didn't th-think I was capable of..."  She winced, but eventually murmured, "Of loving again..."  A tear ran down Rainbow's cheek.  She clenched her jaw.  "I am no longer that mare now.  I can't even understand her."  She leaned back, smiling tearfully at Roarke.  "I have you to thank for that.  I have you to thank for everything."  She squeezed the mare's shoulders.  "You are my brightest beacon.  It just... took a while for the fire to be kindled, that's all."  She smiled sweetly.

	Roarke bit her lip.  "Rainbow," she whispered.  "Please don't do this.  Don't throw yourself into the abyss..."

	"Roarke—"

	"I love you," Roarke said.  "I love you so much."

	Rainbow stared at her.  She leaned in, resting her fuzzy forehead against Roarke's.  "If you love me, Roarke... be loyal to me... be loyal to me by being loyal to them."

	"Rainbow...?"

	"Bellesmith, Pilate, Kera... EE... the whole gang..."  Rainbow stroked Roarke's braids.  "Promise me you'll get them to safety.  Promise me you'll find them all a happy, serene, peaceful place to spend the rest of their lives."  She gulped.  "And for you as well, Roarke."  She stared into the mare's silver-blue gaze.  "Pursue love and friendship in all you do.  I know it sounds fruity... but I bet even you can admit..."  A devilish smirk.  "It's pretty darn magical."

	Roarke gazed at her.  A