fter a lasting sniffle, her brow furrowed, and a hint of the steely bounty hunter bobbed up to the surface.  "I will."

	Rainbow stroked her braids one last time.  "Look to the mountain, but don't wait for me."  Rainbow Dash stepped back.  Her lungs heaved as she struggled for the strength to say, "You don't win in life by waiting... but by moving."  Her muscles twitched once... twice.  Then in a spastic burst, she flew herself skyward, rocketing northeast as fast as her feathers could carry her.  The changelings actually had to struggle to keep up, swarming over the fir trees as they followed Rainbow towards the mountains beyond.

	Roarke shuddered.  She clasped her lenses back in place, damming her tears. Slowly, she tilted her face towards the night sky, finding it full of sparks.


		//------------------------------//
		// Charge of the Loyal Brigade		//------------------------------//

	Ebon lay sideways on the infirmary's cot, twitching feverishly.  Perspiration fell down his muzzle as his glazed eyes swam across the walls of the tiny compartment.

	Eagle Eye squatted by his side, reaching in with a hoof to stroke and caress the stallion's mane.  The look on the ex-mercenary's face was dull and melancholic.  He was just inches from his partner, and still their eyes couldn't meet, as if they were thousands of miles away from one another.

	Nevertheless, Eagle Eye leaned in and kissed the stallion's cheek, then nuzzled his neck.  Ebon shuddered slightly, his legs curling inward.

	Eagle Eye sniffled.  He glanced worriedly out the starlit porthole as he rested his chin atop Ebon's shoulder.  Tears collected at the edges of his eyes, so he closed them, murmuring indecipherable words into the stuffy air of the place.



	Rainbow Dash had to squint against the cold, pelting winds.  The air above the mountains punished her without remorse, and her only choice was to glide faster through the unpredictable drafts.

	Before her, the northeast horizon was a series of black jagged shapes against a celestial canvas.  Gradually, with each minute of high-speed flight, the stars disappeared while a foggy ceiling overtook the heavens.

	Rainbow had to blink—a dangerous thing at her speed with nothing but misty mountains dead ahead.  Constantly, she ascended, angling herself skyward with feathery lift.  There was a flicker of light in her peripheral vision.  She glanced left.

	A veritable squadron of black shapes hurled through the air alongside her.  The changelings' green eyes flickered like zeppelin beacons in the cold, cold clouds.

	Rainbow Dash looked to her right.  Several more black shapes knifed through the air alongside her, their glowing eyes like headlights in the thickening mists.

	With a deep breath, Rainbow reached down and rubbed a hoof across the ruby lightning bolt dangling from her neck.  After a few sparks, the pendant pulsed with a persistent crimson glow.  A swath of red light swam across the haze directly in front of her.  Rainbow's trained eyes made quick judgments of the directions in which the mists were moving, and she plotted her flight accordingly, ascending rapidly to reach the peak of the mountain lingering beyond the densest part of the looming miasma.

	The onyx squadron's flight was chillingly silent.  They soared like black missiles into obscured starlight—a rainbow streak acting as their center.



	At least a good hundred instruments beeped, flashed, and clicked across the Noble Jury's cockpit.  For the first time in weeks, Floydien did not preoccupy himself with them.  Instead, he sat back—slumped—in his seat as his red eyes stared dully through the windshield.  The elk took a deep breath, reaching a cloven hoof up to scratch just beneath a twitching ear.  His muzzle clenched and unclenched, a strangely wordless occasion.

	Brow furrowed, Floydien rotated in his seat and glanced out of the cockpit.

	Starlight bathed the top deck of the Noble Jury.  Its dim glow glinted off the metal braces of a mare standing port side, her lensed-eyes locked towards