 a fixed point along the northeast horizon.  For minutes... even hours, Roarke did not move from that one spot.  She remained leg-locked on her hooves, motionless, faithful.




	Rainbow gritted her teeth.  At the altitude that they were reaching, a tempestuous wind had picked up, assaulting her from every direction.  The roots of her feathers twitched and tugged as her wings dealt with the brunt of the turbulence.

	It didn't help that it was next to impossible to see more than fifty meters straight ahead, especially at her speed.  The fog was so dense now that Rainbow Dash could almost smell something in it.  There was a haunting rust to the scent, like dead ash blowing in a circle and then mixing with her tears.  Rainbow wheezed, and she instantly felt a shudder to her lungs—like that of a sobbing pegasus in a land far, far away.

	Still, her muscles were fully complying with her.  Every limb was working perfectly, and the mare didn't feel the slightest hint of dizziness.  She took deep breaths, reveling in the strength she was being afforded thus far.  There was no telling how bad things would get if she were to spontaneously—

	The fog suddenly cleared.

	Rainbow Dash blinked, for she suddenly saw the jutting spire of a familiar mountain straight ahead of her.  In the twinkle of starlight, she could see gray clouds rolling down from the snowy heights as if melting from a volcano's invisible eruption.

	"What... wh-what's happening—?"

	"It's clearing!" one of the many changelings shouted into the wind.  Rainbow turned to see the flying creatures' eyes pulsing with an emerald cadence on either side of her.  "They're fleeing their hold!"

	Rainbow gritted her teeth.  "Ah jeez... here we go..."

	"Prepare yourselves, brothers and sisters!" another changeling shouted.  Green tufts of flame erupted and billowed between them.  "No matter what happens, Rainbow Dash must get to the mountain!"

	Rainbow Dash shouted, "I know it's a teensy bit late to ask, but do we have a plan or something?!"

	"You get yourself to the mountain!" a closer metamorph hollered.  "We will take care of the rest!"

	"'Take care of the rest?!'  But—"

	"There's no time!"  A changeling pointed.  "Here they come!"

	The world exploded with a high-pitched siren.

	"Aaaugh!"  Rainbow slowed slightly, clamping hooves over her ears.  Her eyes teared as she struggled to glance ahead.  As she did so, a gasp escaped her lips.

	Like swarming insects, a solid worm of deathly creatures spilled out of the north side of the peak.  The ethereal serpents branched out, spreading in every directiong through the air.

	Rainbow stared and stared.  She winced as—suddenly—a pulse of dark energy ripped through her.  Her eyes flickered red-on-yellow.

	Almost instantly, the branching monsters coalesced together as one.  With a combined howl, they bent around and sailed due south, heading straight for Rainbow Dash.

	Rainbow took a deep breath.  "Alright..."  She cracked the joints in her neck as her pendant flickered brighter.  "...let's dance."

	"Together!" Changelings hollered; changelings shouted.  They pressed themselves together—wingtip to wingtip—and formed a solid, buzzing wall right in front of Rainbow Dash.  Between their dangling limbs, Rainbow could see the glinting fangs of the chaos creatures as they drew closer, closer, shrieking.  "Together as one!"

	A hellish thunder wracked the heavens at this point.  The air heated up, pulsating with every roar and growl of the otherworldly serpents.  By the time the two flocks converged, the equines could see their own sweat in the abominable glow from the chaos spawn.

	The changelings let loose a collective shout.  Rainbow knew that her yells were joining the chorus, though she couldn't hear it.  She didn't care.  She flew straight  into the maelstrom of limbs and fangs as both flocks converged over the mountains.




	Loud static.

	Props stared dully into the communications array atop the table in the corner of the Noble Jury's engine room.  He