he hands of a massive dragon before I found what it meant to enjoy life again.  Don't let something worse happen to you guys as well."

	Pilate bit his lip.  Belle stared off into the starry expanse.

	"Please..."  Rainbow murmured.  She trotted forward, muzzle trembling.  "Please.  I want my friends back."  She sniffled into the gathering wind.  "I want my friends back.  I don't want to seem them dead on their hooves when there's still time to help them..."

	"Rainbow Dash!  There's... something..."

	The sound of Celestia's voice broke Rainbow out of her concentration.  She blinked, realizing that a heavy gale was kicking at her mane and tail.  Pilate gasped in fright, gripping onto the deck beneath him tightly.  Belle tilted her head up and squinted towards the east horizon.

	"...losing the connection... something... with the spell.."

	"Huh?"  Rainbow blinked. She glanced down at her neck.  The pendant was flickering.  What's more, the pale aura of moonlight around her and her friends vanished.  "Princess Celestia!"

	Her voice dissolved in the gradually building winds.  Rainbow looked straight up to see that dark and gray clouds had blocked out the moonlight.  Clenching her teeth, she ran towards the bow of the ship, having to stop two or three times to brace herself against the gusts of cold air.

	"What is it?!" Pilate stammered frightfully.  "What's going on?!"

	"It seems like a storm of some sort!" Belle exclaimed.

	"It's no regular storm!" Rainbow Dash said.  Gritting her teeth, she hoisted herself onto the port side railing of the ship and stuck her hooves out.

	"Rainbow, be careful!" Belle said.

	"What the fuzz...?"  Rainbow murmured.  "This isn't right..."

	"What isn't?" Pilate asked.

	"The clouds..."  Rainbow bit her lip.  "The mist here isn't responding to my hooves."

	"Aren't pegasi endowed with the ability to manipulate weather?"

	"Normally..."  Rainbow nodded.  "It worked in Equestria, and it worked in Ledomare.  But why not here?"

	Belle gasped, then trembled.  "The Strip of Flurries."

	Rainbow Dash glanced back.

	"Seems like we've made our destination sooner than was planned," Belle said.

	"But how's that possible?" Pilate asked.  "We had another two days of full speed at this rate!"

	Rainbow looked at him.

	The zebra's ears folded.  "I may be blind, but I have a good memory."

	"Could it be..."  Rainbow thought aloud, fidgeting.  "...that the weather of the Strip of Flurries has moved towards us?"

	"You mean it's heading west?" Pilate stammered.

	Rainbow said nothing, simply gazing into the thickening storm.

	Belle gulped.  "Perhaps we should turn around.  We can make contact with Luna and Celestia again, then go about planning a way through this mess."

	Rainbow Took a deep breath, watching as the mists grew denser and denser around the ship.  "Something tells me this 'mess' isn't going away anytime soon."  She dried her face with a forelimb and furrowed her brow.  "There's no sense in postponing it.  We have to pierce on through."
		//------------------------------//
		// Prowse and Props, Together Again		//------------------------------//

	"Sae whit yoo're tryin' tae teel me is 'at thes floatin' magical book is what's powerin' up th' ship?" Prowse exclaimed, pointing a pale hoof.

	"Mmmmmm... it's more complicated than that," Props said, trotting proudly around the cage with the floating lavender tome.  "The Ledomaritans of Nightshade Industries rebuilt Nancy's inner workings so that the cage with the book would act as a buffer to the skystone engine.  Apparently Nightshade understood this magical page-turner a lot.  Almost more than Pilate, Bellesmith, and Dashie do.  Whatever energy it runs on, it keeps handsome's ship pumping at full capacity!"  She then winced, blushing.  "Well, normally it'd be pumping at full capacity.  I've been hammering away all month to get it back to working order ever since a bunch of meanie weanie cultist sacked the womb."

	"The what?"

	"The womb!  Nancy Jane's womb!"  Props pointed towar