r peach hoof lazily turned and tugged at the foremost dial across the instrument panel.  There was no hint of Prowse's voice, no hint of anything.  All was dead and noisy.

	She sighed, her whole body deflating.  A chill ran through the mare, and she trembled slightly.

	A blanket draped over her suddenly.

	Props' head jerked up.  She blinked, and she smiled gently.

	Zaid smiled back, tucking the blanket tightly around her body.  He leaned down and nuzzled her forehead.

	She tilted her head up and kissed his chin, then his muzzle.  A lasting breath, and she clenched her eyes shut, sniffling.

	Zaid squatted beside her, holding the mare close.  Quietly, with a dull expression, Zaid turned and glanced across the compartment.

	Inside its iron cage, the runed tome flickered with bright lavender light, ever persistent.



	All around Rainbow, changelings were yelping and monsters were howling.  The staccato bedlam thumped like dull thuds against the heartbeat in her ears.  Rainbow darted left and right, breathless, as she sought to punch her violent way northeast and towards the mountain peak.  This was more than just a little bit challenging, with nightmarish serpents plunging at her with every turn.  She could even see their clear eyes flash, brimming with lightning as they hungrily intercepted her.

	Just milliseconds before each abomination could impale her, however, a changeling or another darted up, plowing into the bodies and knocking them out of the air—out of range of ripping Rainbow asunder.

	Rainbow gasped, glancing left and right.  In brief flashes of chaotic luminescence, she saw changelings tangling with serpents, morphing their hooves into hooks and pinchers as they ripped the creatures to ethereal strands.  The air had become so thick with clashing bodies that Rainbow briefly lost her bearings.  There was no up and down, only the spark-bright collisions of unearthly monstrosities in every direction.

	The mare held her breath, squinting through the meaty battle.  Beyond the mayhem, Rainbow spotted the ever-present glow of 'Yaerfaerda.'  She locked her vision on the beacon, uprighted herself, and propelled her body forward, threading through the massacre as scales and sinew ribboned around her.

	Soon, the dark body of the mountain drew closer, and Rainbow's nose tickled from the chilly proximity of its snowy peaks.  She glanced down—and she gasped.  In the flickering glow of the chaos beasts, she spotted several shadows converging on her.

	Rainbow looked straight up.  All she saw was fangs and teeth.

	"Hnnnkkt!"  Rainbow spun, swinging a foreleg up in a mighty kick.

	One serpent's skull instantly collapsed.  Two of its kin darted down, shrieking.  One looped around Rainbow's flank while the other entangled with her forelimbs.

	"Gnnngh—Mmmfng!"  Rainbow snarled, struggling with the creatures.  She hooked her wings at an angle and spun savagely.  With a shriek, the monster clinging to her lower body was flung off.  This gave Rainbow the strength she needed to wrench the other from her hooves.  "Yaaugh!"  She gave the thing a heavy punch to the face.

	As it dissolved in wispy gray bands, a bigger, angrier flock came streaking her way, lunging for her neck.

	"Aaaugh!" Rainbow clamped her hooves around the foremost creature's jaws, fighting it, holding its fangs just inches from her muzzle.  Two more latched onto her body, slowing her down.  Rainbow felt herself descending—breathlessly plunging towards the treeline below.  She wheezed, panted, and twirled as she wrestled with the lashing monster in her hooves.  Suddenly, she was sailing straight into a thick line of fir trees.  "Hrnnnnnngh—!"  She used every ounce of strength to push the monster's skull at forelimb's length, meanwhile she strafed sideways into the trees, smashing through branch after branch.

	Thwp-Thwp-Thwppp!

	One limb after another, the creature was torn in several places.  In a pitiable shriek, it slinked out of Rainbow's grip.  She was now imbalanced from the weight of the monster