s clinging to her lower body.  Rainbow toppled through the trees, ricocheting off a trunk or two.  Grunting through the pain, she flapped her wings hard, pulling herself off and disorienting the creatures before they could bite into her flesh.  She punched and kicked at them, struggling—panting—to get them off.  As she fought, three more dove down and latched onto her with drooling fangs and rock hard scales.  Rainbow wheezed as she felt herself plunging earthward, bound by the reptilian cocoon—

	"Raaaaaaaaugh!"  A quartet of changelings plunged down from the main fight.  Their shells hardened like granite with a flash of green flame, and they knocked the serpents off of Rainbow's body.

	"Guh!"  Rainbow spun, twirled, and uprighted herself.  She drifted in a breathless glide, glancing down as the changelings tangled with the monsters in separate scuffles across the forest floor.  She heard shouting, pained voices, but they were all too soon out of her line of sight.

	Steeling herself, Rainbow flapped her wings and ascended once more, scaling the southern face of the mountain.  Above her, the skylight was blotted out in thicker and thicker shadows.  Within seconds, she made out the pinprick specks of abominable eyes leering down at her.

	Rainbow was ready with a rising growl.  She soared upwards, forelimb thrusting like a pike.  WHACK!  She broke a serpent's neck with one punch, bounced off its limp body, kicked off another, and plowed her way through three more creatres.  WH-WHAP!  The line of monsters grew thicker and thicker, their fanged mouths like converging hydra heads.  Holding her breath, Rainbow twirled through their biting jaws and ascended faster.  WHUMP!  Two bodies pounced on her shoulders.  Grunting, Rainbow twirled and twirled until she swung them to the front of her body.  She uppercutted one and gripped the neck of another.  Its jaws thrashed and chomped at her muzzle, forcing her to jerk her head to the left and right.  Several more crowded around, threatening to squeeze Rainbow in from all angles.

	Her eyes flickered red.  "Rrrrrrghhh—"  She bravely slipped a hoof free and clasped her pendant tightly.  The air around sang with static, followed by a bright ruby glow.  Then, in a solid beam, Rainbow unleashed a wave of harmonic resonance straight from her lightning bolt.  "—haaaaaaaugh!"

	The crimson light sliced through the chaotic lot like butter.  Ethereal entrails melted in a bursting circle around her.  Rainbow sailed triumphantly through the translucent gray efflugence, but not for long.  A cold sweat ran across her body, and her eyes constantly pulsed with a sickly yellow hue.

	"Nnngh... mmfff..."  Rainbow panted, hyperventilated.  Her muzzle hung open in a weak expression as her coat paled.  "Oh no..."  She wheezed... she whimpered.  "Please, Celestia, no..."  It was too late.  The world spun.  The mountain twirled towards her as she lost all grip on up or down.  "Mmmmfnngh... please no... n-not now... not—hnngrkkt!"

	She tried flapping her wings, only to zig-zag in random, hopeless directions.  Branches and needles pricked her neck, but that was just the start of it.  Wham!  Her body pinballed off a tree trunk, broke through a mess of twigs, and plunged towards a rocky mountainside.

	"Grkkk!"  Rainbow gritted her teeth, forcing her wings out at the last second.  She pulled up, twirled, and struck the ground at a shallow angle, grinding to a stop across her aching shoulders.  "Grnnngk—Augh!  Mmmf!"  At last, her body rolled to a stop, pulsing all over with numb pain.

	She shuddered, struggling to get up.  Every breath was tainted with bile, and she whimpered into her clenched teeth.

	Howls lit her ears, like a pack of jackals rushing in through the trees.  She squinted her eyes open, instantly regretting it.  She could barely see the skies from the serpentine bodies plunging down at her.  Clinging to the earth, Rainbow rolled up into a tight blue ball, waiting for the inevitable.



	Josho sat at the end of the mess hall's table, digging his spoo