n through a bowl of fruit salad.  He blinked unenthusiastically at it, not taking a single bite.

	At last, with a bitter sigh, he leaned back and stared blankly at the empty seats before him.  Scratching his stubbled face, he finally turned and looked over his shoulder.  He gazed quietly across the room.

	In the lounge, Pilate and Bellesmith sat on the sofa, their legs curled beneath them.  Sandwiched between the two ponies, lying down with fitful, sniffling breaths was Kera.  She laid her chin on Belle's forelimbs, clenching her eyes tight to dam the tears.

	Belle slowly and gently caressed the mare's emerald bangs.  She swallowed a lump down her throat and gazed forlornly out the nearest porthole.

	Pilate tilted his head her way.  Without hesitation, he leaned in and gently nuzzled her cheek.

	Belle closed her eyes, accepting his embrace.  She dropped her head low enough for the stallion to rest his chin over her soft mane.  Holding in quiet sobs, the couple's necks locked together, keeping close to Kera the entire time as the minutes lurched by.



	Bellowing howls.

	Like banshees, the beasts pounced on Rainbow's body.  They grabbed legs, limbs.  Their fangs brushed and raked her skin.  She could already smell blood.  Her blood.  A knifing pain from beyond the numbness—

	Thwooosh!  A solid mass of dark carapaces sailed out of the immediate treeline.  Within seconds, the changelings had plowed the monsters off of Rainbow's body.

	The pegasus rolled over, sputtering, wincing.  She fought dizziness to turn and glance.

	Across the lopsided world, she saw the abominations reeling from the unexpected blow.  With instinctual resilience, they uprighted themselves and began flying and slithering straight towards Rainbow Dash's body once again.

	In a blink, the changelings had formed a tight circle around her.

	"Rainbow—!"

	"I... I-I can't..."  Rainbow wheezed.  "The ch-chaos..."  Her tearing eyes flickered yellow.  "Too much..."

	"You will make it to the mountain!" another shouted.  Its body flashed green, and suddenly Keebroo was standing in front of her.  "They will not harm you!"

	"What..."  Rainbow gulped, sputtered. "What are...?"

	More flashes.  Suddenly, a solid ring of Amulek villagers stood tightly around the pegasus.  Gone was the glossy black nakedness of every changeling, replaced by living and breathing doppelgangers.

	"Fly as soon as you get your strength!" they hollered in separate voices.  "Exorcize this land of Mother's curse!"

	"Wait... w-wait!"  Rainbow fought to sit up, waving a weak forelimb.  "No!  D-don't do this!"

	"Hey!" one changeling shouted and whistled, followed by another.  "Over here!"

	Swiftly, the abominations twitched, their attention falling on the flesh-and-blood "ponies" situated in front of them.

	"It's us you want!" Several Keebroos and Drakshaas galloped away from Rainbow Dash, heading back into the forest.  "Come and feast!"

	With slowly rising hisses, the serpentine monsters coiled up their bodies.

	"Dang it—Don't do this!" Rainbow hollered.

	It was too late.  The monsters all abandoned Rainbow Dash, converging like sharks on the mass of unprotected changelings.  Not just the creatures in the clearing—but the abominations in the sky and the far corners of the mountaintops.  In the center of the hellish feast, Rainbow spotted flashes of green light.  Muffled screams rang across the fangs and limbs, and soon the rocky mountainside was oozing with emerald juices.

	As strength finally returned to Rainbow's body, she threw it all into an anguished scream.  The dizziness returned the very instant that a gigantic flash of green light emanated from the massacred changelings...



	...the very same flash of light pulsating across Ebon Mane's eyes at that exact moment.

	"Aaaugh!"  He fell off the cot and collapsed on the floor of the infirmary, gripping his skull.  "Aaaaaaaaaaaugh!"  He threw his head back, howling in agony.  Slowly, like a dark curtain unveiling, his burgundy coat morphed into a black car