apace with hollow hooves and webbed ears.

	Trotting down the hall, Eagle Eye gasped.  He dropped the tray of food he was carrying with a loud clatter and galloped into the hallway, taking a sharp right.  There, he froze, staring wide-eyed into the infirmary.

	"... ... ..."  Eagle Eye gulped hard.  "Ebon..."  He winced.  "Ebon, sw-sweetie...?"

	The stallion—or what was once the stallion—was sitting on his haunches, staring into a mirror that had fallen to the floor from his violent shaking.  He stared long and hard into the tiny sheet of glass, and a frail insectoid thing stared back, its clear eyes blinking beneath a sheen of perspiration.

	Eagle Eye grimaced.

	Slowly, the creature tilted its head up.  Thin, green tears collected around its pulsating eyes.  "EE..."  As soon as it heard its own distorted voice, it shuddered.  A dull pulse flickered off its horn, startling it even further.  It stared at its porous hooves as a deep hyperventilation rattled across its shell.  "EE... what... wh-what am I?"

	"Ebon... I..."

	"What am I?!"  The thing hugged itself, collapsing into the corner of the infirmary.  "Oh Mother... Mother..."  Its fangs clattered as it sobbed hysterically.  "Mother, no... pl-please no!  No no no no no..."

	"Please, Ebon..." Eagle could already hear himself crying.  With violent shivers, he crawled over, reaching a loving hoof towards the changeling.  "Ebon, y-you must stay calm.  Ebon!"

	It was too late, for the creature collapsed into wailing hysterics.

		//------------------------------//
		// Love It or Leave It		//------------------------------//

	Rainbow stood up as she felt blood rushing through her tingling limbs.  Seething through her teeth, she stared at the carnage happening downhill to where she teetered.

	More and more serpents were sailing down into the gorging feast from above.  Splashes of emerald life juice and segmented shells flew through the haunting starlight.  At one point—with a pained grunt—a bloodied changeling tumbled out of the main group, rolling painfully to its side.  The poor thing's body flickered back and forth from Keebroo to Merigold.  Seconds later, three serpents slithered free from the group and stalked its bleeding corpse.

	Rainbow's muscles tightened.  With a burst of strength, she rocketed towards the scene.

	The three monsters were about to pounce. Rainbow streaked low, knocking two of them off balance.  She swooped up the bloodied changeling survivor in one breath.  The third monster pounced at her rear, but she bucked it in mid-air and flew uphill before any of the feasting creatures could sense her.

	Breathless, Rainbow carried the shape-shifter up the mountainside for several meters.  The battered thing twitched and sputtered in her grasp. She looked down and almost wretched to see that its lower legs were completely missing.  At last, still fighting a cloud of dizziness, Rainbow touched down with the creature.

	There, she squatted low and cradled its, brushing its blood-stained bangs aside to gaze into its face.

	"Why...?!"  She seethed.  "Why did you give yourselves up like this?!"

	"Not... all of us..." the changeling whimpered, sputtered.  It stopped pulsing with green flame, hyperventilating with a rattle of its dark carapace.  "S-some... brothers and sisters... st-still alive..."  It coughed up slimy juices and wheezed, "I... I-I can feel them..."  Its eyes darted left and right in sudden confusion.  "And another... another..."

	Rainbow gnashed her teeth.  "Dang it, you could have fought them off!"

	"Too... m-many of them..."  The changeling's glossy eyes reflected Rainbow's grimace.  "Had... to distract them fr-from you..."

	"I'm dying anyways!"  Rainbow grunted.  "I'm dead as soon as I enter that mountain!  It wasn't worth doing that!"

	"Worth it...?"  The changeling exhaled quietly.  It raised a twitching hoof up.  Rainbow clutched it, and it instantly turned brown and fuzzy.  Pale blue eyes twinkled beneath scarlet braids.  "Of c-course it was worth it..."  A tear trickled down R