oarke's bloody face.  "You g-gave us freedom, Rainbow D-Dash..."  A hiss, gargling.  "You g-gave us love..."

	Rainbow bit her lip.

	The changeling smiled.  It stared at her.  Then it stared at something else.  The smile trailed off, forming fangs as the glossy shell returned, dull and lifeless—just like the changeling's limb as it slipped limply out of Rainbow's hoof.

	Rainbow's ears folded back.  She clenched her eyes shut, leaning in and pressing her forehead to the shape-shifter's.  Her next breaths came through flaring nostrils.  At last, she gently laid the body down.  When she stood up, the pegasus felt blood rushing through every limb, hot and strong and righteous.  With a single flap of her wings, she bulleted skyward in a blue streak.

	Flying backwards up the mountainside, Rainbow turned and yelled down at the horrendous feast happening below.  "Hey!"

	The abominations kept devouring what was left of the chitinous pile.

	"Hey!  Flankfaces!"

	At last, several serpentine eyes flickered in Rainbow's direction.  The mass of chaos paused in its ravenous bloodthirsting.

	"Bet you're wanting dessert, aren't ya, ya motherless melon fudges?!"  Rainbow motioned after her as she rocketed up hill.  "Come and get me if ya friggin' can!"

	With mindless shrieks, the legions of chaos lurched uphill, sailing after her with whipping scales.  They weren't alone; the entire sky's worth of otherworldly summons surged as one.  Soon, a pulsating ribbon of translucent bodies were tailing Rainbow closely.

	Flapping her wings with iron-tight precision, Rainbow made a beeline for the north end of the mountain.  The crisp air ahead of her was clear and the atmosphere behind her dribbled with blood and death.  Unfazed, she led the murderous beasts to her final destination, her eyes locked on the eternal Yaerfaerda the entire time.

	"Follow me to oblivion, ya dumbasses!"  Rainbow smirked privately to herself.  "Hurry up!  I ain't got all night..."



	"Ebon..."  Eagle Eye sat just inches across from where the changeling violently shivered.  "Ebon Mane, look at me!"

	"How c-can you call me th-that?!" the creature stammered, face awash with tears.  "How c-can anypony call me that?!"  It looked around, wincing as the cabinets and counters of the tiny infirmary reflected the sheen of its natural green glow.  "All th-this time!  All this time!"  It hugged itself tighter, curling up into a little ball.  "Mrmmmfff... I've been leeching ponies!  It makes so m-much sense!  Oh Mother..."  Its body jolted with a heavy gasp.  The creature's eyes turned glossier as its fanged muzzle hung open.  "Good heavens... Mother!  She's..."  A sob.  "Sh-she's...!"  A harder sob.

	"Ebon!  Please!"  Eagle thrusted his forelimbs forward, grasping the shape-shifter's.  "Look at me!"

	"I c-can't!  Eagle, I-I can't!  Mmmmnnghh-Mother!"  The thing tried to shake and wriggle its way out of Eagle Eye's grasp.  "Mother, please... n-no!  Oh Goddess, no!"

	"I said look at me!" Eagle shouted.

	The creature locked eyes with him.  There was a brief flash of burgundy, but it was all-too-swiftly devoured by the black gloss.  Nevertheless, the changeling froze in place with tiny, tiny twitches.

	"You are Ebon Mane," Eagle Eye said quietly, firmly.  "You're a kind and gentle earth pony.  A handsome stallion."

	"Ebon Mane... is a n-name..."  The creature hissed, snarling now.  "The name of a gentle earth pony who's dead!"  It spat.  "An earth pony who I killed!"

	"Ebon—"

	"I'm a monster, Eagle!  A monster and a murderer—"

	"You are a Jurist and a dang good cook—"

	"I'm an imposter and a freak—"

	"You are the stallion that I love!"  Eagle shouted, yanking the metamorph onto his haunches so that the two stared eye-to-eye.  "Ebon, I love you!"  He panted, his tears mixing with sweat as he leaned forward.  "I love you, Ebon."  He gulped.  "More than anything or anyone or anypony."

	The changeling stared back, fangs trembling.  A tear ran down its shell.  "H-how do you know that, EE?"

	Eagle bit his li