... Mother... I-I don't... don't..."  Its words melted into indecipherable cries.

	Eagle teared up even more.  He hugged the thing tight, nuzzling his head over the creature's head.  He clenched his eyes shut, taking several deep breaths.  Finally, with steely determination, he opened his eyes and frowned.  "Come with me, Ebon."

	"Mrmmmfff..."  The shape-shifter shook, spasmed.  "Wh... what?"

	"I'm getting you out of here."  Eagle was already levitating several supplies and shoving them into a floating bag.

	The changeling looked up at the stallion, fangs trembling.  "Getting... m-me out...?"

	"Far away... as far as we have to..."

	"But... but the Jury—"

	"I made a promise..."  Eagle hoisted the bag over his flank and tied it tight.  "...a promise to you and you alone.  I don't know how dangerous it will be with the secret out, and I don't want to risk it.  All I want is to make sure you're safe.  Do you understand?"  At last, he levitated his shield over to himself.  "I'm taking you away from here before anypony finds out."

	"Where... wh-where will we go?"

	"I don't know, and it doesn't matter."  Eagle knelt down and cradled the creature's chin so that they stared face to face.  "We'll be together.  We'll start a new life—the life you always needed and the one I always wanted."

	"But... b-but..."

	"Please, Ebon..."  Eagle stared firm, his eyes dry and determined.  "Trust me.  I will not let you down."

	The changeling stared.  Slowly, its trembles built back up.  Without a word, it sniffled and leaned in to nuzzle the stallion back.

	Eagle took the opportunity.  He hoisted the weak creature over his flank and shuffled his weight until the changeling was comfortable.  "Okay... okay okay okay..."  He took a long, desperate breath.  "... ... ..."  He closed his eyes, paused, then reopened them.  "Let's go."

	The stallion dashed out, all the while the changeling clung tightly to his back, burrying his face into Eagle's mane.



	As Eagle rushed into the mess hall, he slowed his gallop into a trot.  Clenching his teeth, he eyed the couch where a tiny family huddled.

	Pilate and Bellesmith were fast asleep.  Kera dozed quietly between the two of them, her tattooed muzzle salty from dried tears.

	Under bands of starlight twinkling through the portholes, Eagle Eye carefully crept past them.  He paused once, staring at the two slumbering beloveds with their foals.  His lips pursed, as if he was about to say something.  His face teetered on the brink of an intense sob, but he swallowed it down with a frown.

	Swiftly, he spun towards the kitchen and resumed his speedy canter.

	The lounge fell in silence.

	A few seconds later, one of Kera's green eyes squinted open.  She blinked brightly.  A breath later, she jumped up to her hooves and began shaking Belle's limbs.

	"Belle... Belle!"  Kera hissed.  "Come on, wake up!"

	"Mmmfnngh..."  Belle stirred, wincing.  "Pilate, beloved... Rainbow's... mmrff..."

	"Wake up wake up wake up!" Kera's horn flashed as she tugged at the two ponies' manes.

	This time, even Pilate began stirring.  "Guhh... what in Spark's name...?"

	"Kera?" Belle squinted at the foal.

	"You never g-guessed what I just saw!" Kera squealed breathily.



	Eagle bounded down the Noble Jury's stairwell until he was at the bottom floor.  He paused to make sure the changeling was still clinging tight.  With a deep breath, he made for the door to the rear hangar.

	He bumped straight into Josho.

	"Ooomf!"  Eagle stumbled back, almost dropping the creature on his back.

	"Can't sleep either, huh?"  Josho grumbled from where he paced.  "Yeesh, Princess, I'm telling ya.  If I had a bit for every time we waited for the paint bucket to sacrifice her life in our absence..."  He suddenly froze in place, squinting.  "Uhhhhh... kiddo?  What's with—"

	Eagle Eye trotted briskly past him.  "Josho, thanks for everything.  I gotta go."

	"Go?!  Go where?!"  Josho pointed.  "And what in Ledo's name is that—"

	"Hrrnngh!"  Eagle spun with a