y, she realized he wasn't aiming his ears in her direction.  She turned completely around.

	Roarke was leaning over the starboard side.  Her lenses extended all the way, locked on the fleeing figure.  After a deep breath, she scowled heavily.

	Belle blinked.  "Roarke..."

	Thw-Thwppp!  The metal mare shot out a length of metal cables.  They latched onto a tree's upper branches.  Within the same breath, she leapt clear off the side of the Jury, swinging until she was at earth level.  There, she landed with the grace of her metal-reinforced limbs, then broke into a swift gallop after the two.

	Belle fell back on her haunches.  "Oh Spark, no..."

	"Dammit!" Josho grunted, making to leap over the railing.  "Not my kid—!"

	"Whoa whoah whoah!"  Zaid and Booster Spice reached in, tugging the unicorn's heavy weight back.  "Blondie!  We gotta catch up with them before Roarke does!"

	"Handsome!" Props was already hollering towards the cockpit.  "You gotta land Nancy!  This is a super hyper turbo ultra emergency!"

	"Ungh!  If you boomers wouldn't bleed yourselves out so quickly—"

	"Mr. Floydien, please, you must lower the ship at once!" Pilate shouted.

	"Yes yes yes!  Glimmering in the doing!"

	Everypony braced themselves as the ship rapidly descended.

	Kera bit her lip, trembling.  She didn't realize it, but she was side-stepping towards Belle, clinging to one of the adult mare's legs.  Belle wrapped a hoof around the child, all the while her worried eyes stuck to the forest below as the trees came closer.  Fresh tears glistened in the starlight.
	


	Rainbow Dash didn't dare look behind her.  Hearing the ear-shattering death roar of the pursuing creatures was real enough.

	At last, the mountain peak came within reach.  Rainbow spun a hard angle around it, piercing a layer of thick mist as she approached the opening.  The dark chasm yawned before her like a purgatorial gate.

	"Whelp..."  She sucked her breath in, a taste of bitter cold winds.  "...time for open house."  She took her last glance of starlight, then dropped.

	Just as the closest waves of serpents nipped at her hooves, Rainbow jerked hard to the right, twirled, and plunged deep into the mountainous abyss.  A solid rope of ravenous serpents sailed after her, returning speedily to their vile lair, abandoning the country outside.

		//------------------------------//
		// A Loyal Anchor Never Breaks		//------------------------------//

	Eagle Eye panted and panted as he galloped wildly through the trees.

	The changeling on his back winced with each jolt, clinging as tightly as it could.  It fought the urge to sob with every bounding trot the stallion beneath it took.

	"D-don't let go, Ebon," Eagle murmured, his face pale with sweat.  "Please... st-stay with me."  He gulped.  "I'll get us someplace s-safe!  Someplace where n-nopony will know a thing about changelings..."

	"What..."  The shape-shifter stirred, shuddering.  "What about th-the Jury?"

	Eagle grimaced in mid-sprint.  "I don't want to risk anything..."  He gulped.  "I don't want to risk you anymore!"  He slumped against a tree, pausing to shiver.  "It's all m-my fault, Ebon... I've ruined everything."  He whimpered.  "I should have t-told you.  I should have told everypony.  But n-now... how can I be trusted?"

	"EE, I..."  The changeling stirred, squeezing one of the stallion's shoulders.  "I... I tr-trust..."

	Eagle bit his lip, reaching up and touching its forelimb. "We'll start over, 'kay?  Someplace... somewhere..."  He broke into a gallop once again.  "It'll be different, y'hear?!  No more battles.  No more blood."

	"Eagle..."

	Eagle sprinted out into a tiny starlit clearing.  "No more pain!  None of mine, none of yours, none of th-theirs!"  He was hyperventilating at this point.  "You'll have love and peace!  Just like I pr-promised!"

	"Eagle, please, don't—"

	Thw-Thwppp!  A length of metal cable lashed out from the treeline behind them and wrapped around Eagle Eye's left rear leg.  Twnnng!

	"Aaaugh!"  Eagle Eye sprawle