d to the forest floor.

	"Ooof!"  The changeling flew off him and rolled raggedly across the clearing.

	Eagle struggled for about three seconds.  Suddenly, he was hoisted up into the air.  He yelped, dangling by his one leg.  He looked up to see the metal cable pulled tight over a hanging tree branch.  Something blurred in the corner of his vision.  Breathless, he twirled to look.

	Th-Thud!  Roarke's four hooves landed heavily inside the clearing.  She marched icily towards the collapsed shape-shifter.

	The creature looked up, spasming fitfully.  Upon first sight of the Searonese mare, it shrieked and scooted away from her.  "EE!  Eagle!"

	"Nnngh—Roarke!" Eagle spat, his eyes twitching.  He spun and fought with his binding.  "Mmrfnnngh—Stop it!  Leave him alone!"

	Roarke kept marching.  She was so close now to the shivering changeling that her starlit shadow spread over its porous limbs.

	At last, Eagle took a deep breath.  He aimed his horn at the cable ensnaring his leg.  A violet light shimmered brightly at the tip of his skull.  He gritted his teeth, hissing beneath his breath.  Slowly, the cable started to bend and unravel.  The stallion concentrated until a tiny river of blood trickled out his nostrils.  At last—Snap!  The cable unraveled with a loud pop.

	Eagle Eye fell like a dead weight to the forested floor.  Ignoring the pain of impact, he rolled up onto his hooves, unsheathed his shield, and charged at full speed.  "Dammit, Roarke—Go away!"

	Roarke calmly turned around—instantly ducking.

	"Rrrrghh!"  Eagle flung the shield at full force, then slammed it down over her neck.  "Haaaaugh!"

	Perfectly quiet, she backtrotted from the blow, side-stepped Eagle's next to swings, and raised her hoof as he jabbed forward with the disc.  Her metal brace caught the shield's edge, then pulled down.

	Whang!  Eagle was uppercutted by the other end of his own weapon.  Wheezing, he nevertheless shoved the object at her at full force.  Roarke simply planted her hooves in the ground, taking the brunt of the attack.  When her hooves could drag through the earth no longer, she lifted the shield up with both forelimbs, tossing Eagle Eye's petite body over her.

	Eagle Eye fell hard to the ground and rolled into a tree trunk.  Growling, he stood up and began galloping towards her immediately—

	P-Pow!  Roarke fired two large metal staples from her forelimb.

	Cl-Clack!  Both braces caught around Eagle's right legs, pinning him sideways to a thick tree trunk.  Wide-eyed, he shook and struggled to get out of the trap.  "Nnnnrghhh—Gkkkt! Sp-Spark!  He aimed his horn at the tree, unraveling the bark like a peeled potato.  The staples had embedded too deep, and the chances of getting unpinned was slim at best.

	Without saying a word, Roarke swiveled around and trotted firmly towards where the changeling limply scurried.

	"No... No, Roarke, p-please!"  Eagle was sobbing at this point.  "Don't d-do this to him, Roarke!  I beg you!"  He tilted his head up and hollered into the night air.  "Ebon, Run!  Don't let Roarke get near you!  You hear me?!  Don't let her touch you!"

	The changeling was a whimpering mess.  It kicked and scraped at the earth, sliding weakly away from the looming mare.  "Please..."  Its fangs quivered.  "I... I-I didn't know!  I swear!"  Its clear eyes teared.  "I-I wasn't spying for Mother—I mean Chrysalis!"  It winced, covering its glazed muzzle with a pair of webbed hooves.  "Don't, Roarke, please!  Don't hurt Eagle!  I-I beg you!"

	Roarke's brow furrowed.  She lowered in front of him.

	"Ebon!  Get out of here—"

	"You c-can do what you want to m-me!"  The thing howled,  "But don't h-hurt Eagle!  He d-didn't mean anything!  He j-just wanted to protect me—"

	At last, Roarke hissed, "Look at me."

	"Nnnngh—no—!"

	Fiercely, Roarke yanked both of the changeling's forelimbs.  She pulled it up so that she could snarl into its face.  "Look.  At.  Me."

	The creature winced... shuddered... and eventually squinted at her with constant 