ds the walls.  "Where we are right now, silly Unky!"

	Prowse rubbed his beard, then stared at the mess of steam pipes and bulkheads around him.  "It's a micht bit broon fur a lady's foal hole, dornt ye think?"

	"Heeheehee!  It's a figure of speech, Unky Prowsy!  Floydien's full of them, in case you haven't noticed."

	"Aye, I have!  Second tae th' big jagged horns comin' it ay th' bastard's heed!"

	"Hey!  Be nice to him!" Props pouted.  "He's a nice bastard!"

	"Hahah!"  Prowse reached over and patted the mare's shoulder.  "I bit he is, lassie. if yoo've gart friends wi' heem, 'en he's okay in th' professor's book!"

	"But I make friends with everypony!"

	"That's wa Ah loch havin' ye fur a niece. Ah dornt need tae make friends. Yoo're aroond tae make friends fur me."

	"But what about Elma?"

	"Ah only notice 'er coz Ah trip oan 'er half th' time."  Prowse gazed at the tome once more.  "Sae, ye hink thes hin' has a connection tae yer colorful winged mate?"

	Props blinked.  "To Dashie?  Yes!  Totally!"  She giggled again, then went silent.  "Wait, how'd you know?"

	"Thes bludy ship is foo ay aw sorts ay magic an' glitter, an' thes book an' yer flyin' filly friend ur th' magicalest an' glitteriest of em all. Teel me, Propsicle, jist whaur is thes Rainbaw Bricht bosomy character flyin' aff tae in sic' a hurrie?"

	"You know, to be honest, I've never quite figured it out!"  Props said with a bright-eyed expression.  "All I know is that she wants to go to the dark side of the world.  I don't understand why; I hear it's super scary there.  Also, no sun and moon—and those are the only two connections she has with home."

	"Th' puir sod's far awa' frae th' ones she loves, huh?"  Prowse scratched his beard.  "That's a tad bit strange, dornt ye hink? if Ah hud wings, eh'd fancy myself flyin' to haem an' nae awa' frae it."

	"That's the nifty thing about Dashie."  Props smiled with a flounce of her blonde mane.  "I figure that she takes 'home' wherever she goes."

	"Hah!  Whit a clever hin' tae say! Nae ferlie Ah shared th' umbilical noose wi' th' stallion fa eventually spawned ye."

	"Yeah.  About Dad.  Is he ever going to thaw anyday soon?"

	"Bloody Spark, Ah hope not."  Prowse grunted as he paced across the engine room.  "Glaikit dobber needs tae learn his lesson abit messin' wi' coolant crystals. Sae, teel me mair abit thes glowin' book hin'."

	"Heehee... enough about my ship, let's talk about you!"  Props leaned in to nuzzle him.  "Tell me more about this Zaba... Zabby... Zabarro—"
	
	Before Props could finish her pronunciations, the ship shook.  The mare gasped, bumping into Prowse.  Prowse steadied her, blinking.  Once more, the ship experienced turbulent, far stronger this time.

	"Plow meh sideways!" Prowse stammered.  "Ur we grindin' against a ben?"

	"Only one way to find out!" Props galloped into the stairwell, motioning Prowse along with her.  "Come on!"  The two dashed out.



	As soon as they galloped out onto the top deck, they had to brace themselves against the ship's railing.  Sheets of rain sliced through the air in random bursts, all the while a punishing wind pelted the coats and flesh of those up top.

	"Hey!" Rainbow Dash shouted from the cockpit far across the deck.  It was so windy that even she refused to linger outside, choosing instead to brace herself within the doorframe to the cramped compartment.  "You crazy?!  Gallop back downstairs!"

	Props hollered against the wind and rain.  "But we wanted to know what was happening—"

	"Then use the intercom!"  Rainbow shouted.  "We're approaching the Strip of Flurries!"

	"Ackies!"  Props gasped as Prowse gripped her protectively.  "Already?!"

	"It seems to be moving towards us!"  Rainbow gestured with her hoof.  "Just go downstairs!  We'll keep you up to date!"

	Prowse and Props nervously complied.  In the meantime, Rainbow turned back towards the cockpit to where Floydien, Josho, Elma, and Eagle Eye were standing.

	"Please tell me you can get us out of this patch of turbulence," Ra