trembles.

	Roarke's nostrils flared.  She tugged on its left hoof until it rested against her beating chest.  "Feel."

	The changeling merely blinked at her, its gossamer fins twitching.

	Roarke inhaled deeply.  "Who... do you love...?"

	The creature's breaths fell short.  Its eyes glazed over, reflecting Roarke's lenses, then pulsed with a green flame.  In five melting seconds, its black carapace gave way to a blue coat.  A rainbow mane dangled off the mare's folded ears.

	Eagle Eye gawked silently from afar.

	Roarke sighed.  "Who do you love?"

	Rainbow's eyes quivered, then slowly turned violet.  Her ragged hair waxed into a luscious purple mane.  The starlight reflected a glossy shine over the petite stallion's lavender coat.

	At this point, the air rattled with hoofsteps.  The whole Jury galloped to the edge of the clearing, stopping with a collective gasp.

	"There!" Props yelped, pointing.  "There they are!"

	"What in Ledo's name is she doin' to them?!"  Josho growled, pumping his shotgun.  He took two thunderous steps further.  "Hey!  Leave 'em be, ya bionic bitch—!"

	"No..."  Belle stuck her forelimb out, blocking the stallion.  Everypony glanced wildly at her.  She gulped and said, "Just wait..."

	Pilate's ears twitched curiously.  Kera sat on his backside, craning her neck to see.  Zaid and Props watched with worried expressions while Booster Spice and Floydien squinted quizzically.

	Roarke was leaning forward at this point.  Still gripping the unicorn doppgelganger's hoof, she then pressed it to his own chest.  "This... Feel this?"

	The stallion bit his lip and nervously nodded.

	"This is your home," Roarke droned, staring intently into his violet eyes.  "It is your anchor.  You can fly for millions of miles in any direction, but you'll be nowhere if you lose track of this.  It's who you are.  It's what you are.  Your outside might change, whether you wish it or not, but that isn't what makes you you."

	The unicorn shuddered, eventually mewling forth, "But... b-but I'm not real..."  He sniffled, tearing.  "I've never been.  What if I'm not meant to have a h-home?"

	"You had one as soon as you found him," Roarke said firmly.  "And you sure as Hell won't be staying there if you run away... if you let fear and doubt get the best of you... the both of you..."

	The stallion blinked, his breaths slowing, calming down...

	Roarke took a deep breath and said, "I've not been truly living for most of my existence."  She gulped.  "That's all changed now, and even with my anchor gone, I know where I belong, and... I now know how to keep what I have real."  She leaned back.  "Can you say the same?"

	The stallion clenched his jaw.  He looked over her shoulder at Eagle Eye across the way.  In a flicker of warm green light, his burgundy coat returned.  "Yes," Ebon Mane said.

	Eagle stared back, his features going limp in a soft breath.

	Roarke stood up, staring down at Ebon in pure silence.  A few seconds later, she jerked towards Eagle Eye.  Th-Thwppp!  She launched a pair of metal cables that instantly wrapped around the staples binding him to the tree.  Cr-Crack!  She loosened them in a hearbeat.

	"Ooomf!"  Eagle Eye fell to the ground, wincing.  He didn't try galloping, moving, or charging.  He didn't say anything.  The stallion simply sat there, stunned.

	"Go to him," Roarke said quietly.  "He's been seeking a home for a very long time as well."

	Ebon took a deep breath.  He stood on strong legs, then shuffled softly across the clearing.  When he reached Eagle, he squatted low, placing a hoof on the stallion's shoulders.

	Instantly, Eagle quivered.  He clenched his eyes shut and sobbed, "I'm sorry, Ebon... I'm so... s-so sorry..."

	"Shhhh..."  Ebon leaned in, nuzzling the stallion softly.  "Don't be sorry..."  He bore a tiny smile as a tear trickled down his cheek.  "You're my protector, after all..."

	A bittersweet giggle escaped Eagle's throat.  His smile was a crooked thing, buckling under the first of many heavy sobs.  His forelimbs sn