aked blindly forward, and Ebon caught them—caught him, enfolding the ex-mercenary in a heartfelt embrace.

	"I l-love you, Ebon," Eagle whimpered, sniffling.  "Spark help me, I love you s-so much.  I'd do anything for you..."

	"I know." Ebon rested his chin atop the shivering stallion's head, holding him close.  "Just... n-no more running away, 'kay?"

	"Hrmmmm..."  Eagle squeaked, nodding tearfully.  "'Kay..."

	By this point, several shadows had gathered around the couple.  The rest of the Jurists stood around them, some resting hooves on the stallions' shoulders while Props and Kera squatted know, nuzzling them with happy grins.  Belle bore a teary smile as she leaned against Pilate.

	"It's never too late," Roarke said.  She inhaled warmly, her lensed eyes swimming across the tranquil forest.  "It's never too late to begin again."  At last, her gaze fell upon Josho.

	The stallion stared back.  He leaned on his shotgun and gave her a smug smirk.

	Roarke's lips almost curved.  Then, with a meditative breath, she turned from the warm scene and gazed into the cold mist of the northern mountains...
		//------------------------------//
		// Kicking, Fighting, Until the End		//------------------------------//

	With a shout, Rainbow Dash plunged into utter darkness.  She felt stuffy patches of air nipping at her ears and bangs.  Squinting, she ran a hoof over the lightning pendant hanging from her neck.  Immediately, a solid ring of blurred stone walls illuminated around her in a ruby glow.  There was barely any room to breathe, much less spread her wings out straight.

	So, she did neither.  Squeezing her body into the shape of a blue torpedo, she hurled herself down the near-vertical shaft in the heart of the mountain.  It was around this time that she heard a deaffening salvo of echoes and roars.

	She narrowed her eyes and looked behind her.

	Just beyond her ruby aura, a solid wall of gray ethereal light came charging down after her.  The monsters were gaining inches by the second, their fangs, talons, and scales streaking after her whipping tail.

	Rainbow Dash stopped looking behind.  She set her eyes on the darkness ahead, twirling her body like a corkscrew as she fought the increasing friction of her claustrophobic dive.  The walls were smooth and polished from changeling acid, and soon they started spreading apart, opening up into a grand cavern of sorts.

	When Rainbow pierced her way into the lower depths, she could feel the ghostly echo of her wind-splitting wings.  It morphed into a whining sound that echoed off every extremity of the cavern.  Rainbow pivoted until she faced the direction from which the last echo reverberated.  Sure enough, the Yaerfaerda symbol glistened from beyond.  Rainbow hurled herself towards it, wheezing for breath in the deep, deep tomb.

	Soon, the darkness from beyond swallowed up her ruby pendant altogether, as well as the ribbons of spectral beasts sailing after her.



	The Jurists congregated inside and outside of the ship.  Eagle Eye and Ebon sat on the hangar's entrance, their hooves intertwined as they gently, quietly nuzzled each other.  Josho watched from a distance, occasionally staring out into the misty treeline beyond where the Noble Jury was parked.

	Bellesmith and Pilate sat together in the grass while Kera paced anxiously around them.  Several times, Belle tried coaxing the little filly to stop and rest, but the foal insisted on trotting in worried little circles.

	Pilate tilted his head up.  Standing along the port side of the Noble Jury's upper deck were Zaid and Props.  Zaid was murmuring something into Props ear, all the while rubbing her shoulder.  Props shook, quivered, then clenched her teary eyes shut.  In a sad fit, she galloped off and ran down the stairwell.

	Zaid stood in place, sighing.  He glanced towards the cockpit where Josho, Floydien and Booster Spice could be seen, sitting limply against the wooden rails of the starboard side.  With a limp breath, Zaid stared back at the forest clearing beneath the ship.