  He squinted.

	One shape stood on the treeline's edge, staring ever vigilantly into the mountain mists, not moving a single muscle.



	Rainbow's wings were growing numb, as were her ear drums.

	The shrieks of the monsters were all around her, closing in on her, consuming her.

	She hissed and panted for breath, but she couldn't feel her lungs at this point.  The whole world was a soupy puddle at the bottom of a heartless abyss.  All that accompanied her was the sickly pale glow of every conceivable abomination from nightmares.  As the legions of chaos closed in, she felt the walls doing the same.  Something was glowing along the uneven floor of the cavern.

	Rainbow Dash looked down, and her eyes reflected row after row of tombstones.  Only they weren't tombstones, but instead giant silver strips of chaos metal laid side by side for hundreds of meters.  Queen Chrysalis' devilish hoofwork was evident everywhere Rainbow looked, and as her living self sailed over the unearthly "nests," she heard louder and fresher shrieks.  Like infant banshees, entire flocks of nubile monsters flew up from the metal strips where they were demonically spawned.  They joined the hungry crowd flocking after Rainbow's tail, adding to the speed of their malevolent pursuit.

	Sweat dripped off Rainbow's aching limbs.  She took one fateful look back—and that's when it happened.  Her eyes flickered, and it tore her lungs inside out.

	"Aaaugh!"  Rainbow yelped, dropping rapidly.  She flapped her wings twice as hard, straining against the cold air as dizziness set in.  Seething, she lifted up, barely skimming the tops of the silver strips.  Tiny serpents leapt out, nipping and snapping at her flesh.  She kicked off of them and propelled herself towards the cavern ceiling, bobbing and weaving in a vain attempt to even out.

	She was panting at this point, hyperventilating.  She flung her head forward, trying to look straight ahead.

	The Yaerfaerda symbol was a twirling streak of alien light.  She couldn't center herself—couldn't glide evenly.

	And this was when the first of several monsters pounced on her body.

	"Nnnngh—Gagh!"  She twisted, twirled, and bucked the thing off.

	Two more pounced on her, dragging her legs and wingtips down to the jagged cavern floor.

	"Mmmmgnnngh—Raaaagh!" She bucked and bucked and kicked the things off.  Wheezing for breath, she tried ascending once more.

	The abominable flock closed in all around her.  With fangs barred and claws raking, they folded around the pegasus, dragging her into the glowing depths of the swarm, slowing her flight to a bloody grind.

	Soon, the rest of the legion caught up, bunching up in the center of the cavern, dogpiling on the putrid strip of pony flesh.  The stuffy air was ripe with victory roars and clattering jaws.

	As the suffocating group grew thicker and thicker, their chaotic glow glistened off a solid wall ahead of them... a golden door looming just a few fateful meters away.



	Ebon was exhausted.  He lay his chin on Eagle Eye's forelimbs as he succumbed to dull slumber.  Eagle caressed his mane, pausing every now and then to stare at the changeling's finely crafted fibers.  He sniffled, his muzzle neutrally caught between and smile and a sob.  He leaned down multiple times, kissing the top of Ebon's fuzzy head while staring into the forest.

	Past where Pilate, Belle, and Kera sat, Eagle could still see the figure of Roarke.

	The metal mare hadn't sat for one second.  Even if her legs trembled, she still remained standing, staring like a stalwart statue into the murky depths of the forest.  Her ears twitched every now and then, but her rigid stance was absolute.

	Eagle Eye bit his lip.  He tilted his muzzle down down and nuzzled Ebon in his sleep, closing his eyes before the tears could squeeze out.



	Deep inside the mountain, the feasting cluster of monstrosities began to relax... to settle.  Their scales loosened while their tails and talons went slack.

	Then, all of the sudden, there was an undulating qui