ver of flesh, emanating outward from the center of the ravenous pile in a violent wave.

	A second later—

	POW!  The bodies went flying in every direction, their flesh smoking with trailing embers.

	In a beam of bright ruby light, Rainbow's body shot out from the center of the horde.  

	She collapsed five seconds later, stumbling across the cold stone floor.  Her pendant's ruby glow flickered, highlighting dozens of scrapes and deep cuts along her body.  Her breath was a pained shriek.  She lurched forward, vomiting blood and mucus onto the craggy granite.  Wincing, wheezing, she squinted up with one good eye.

	The door to the machine world loomed straight ahead.  She saw the Urohringr symbol in all its golden brilliance, and through the encroaching fogginess she made out Austraeoh and Eljunbyro and a few others as well.

	Hissing in pain, she dragged herself forward, leaving bloody little streaks across the cavern floor.  The pegasus inched her way towards the door.  Shrieks sounded off behind her; she sensed shadows soaring in.

	"Rgghhh!"  She spun around, clamped her pendant with two bloodied hooves, and aimed high.  Fl-Flash!  With two well-aimed harmonic blasts, she crippled a pair of serpents before they got a chance to touch her.  They collapsed in burnt heaps on either side.  More monsters rushed in.  Rainbow pulled herself up with quivering wings, stumbling towards the door.  When her hoof made contact, she could spot the blood splatter before the metal began glowing.

	Just as the air filled with the tell-tale whine of harmonic enchantment, three beasts leapt on Rainbow's backside.  One took a ragged bite of her shoulder.

	"Aaaaaugh!"  Rainbow howled in pain.  She shook two of them off and struggled with the third one whose fangs were lodged in her flesh.  Hissing, she instead flattened her body against the metal door.  A pony-shaped light emanated from the gold surface in response, intensifying in brilliance.  Not long after, the serpent biting into Rainbow shrieked as it dissolved from the outside in, finally releasing its grip.

	As the doors parted, a combination of pressurized air and golden light knocked several of the leaping monsters back.  They bellowed in pain, struggling to get closer to Rainbow Dash and finish her butchered corpse off.

	Rainbow clenched her teeth in pain.  She tried standing up, but the blood from her wounds made her slip on the metal floor.  Wheezing, she stumbled forward, then moved the only remaining strong parts of her—her wings.  Like a limp balloon, she drifted into the halls of the machine world.  Her torn body was followed by a golden glow, illuminating rows upon rows of long-dormant pendulums and gears and pulley systems.  The immaculate platinum surfaces reflected her ragged body as she fluttered unevenly like a ghost, lost in the abandoned basement of a forsaken world.

	Her eyes twitched left and right, searching for her center.  It was then that she realized that the glow of Yaerfaerda was all around her, blinding her.  So, instead, she squinted bravely into the luminous bowels, seeking the focal point of her goal.  At last she found it, below her and to the right.  Careful not to let her wings go fully limp, she descended slowly through the metallic maze.

	She heard a crackling echo behind her.  The beasts finally recovered from the door's opening, and the whole entire legion soared in, raking their claws against the untouched surfaces of the holy place.  They rattled gears and pistons and chains as they searched every crevice for the living pegasus that had opened the domain.

	When they at last found her, it was at the far end of a bridge, in the center of which loomed a bright golden pedestal with an even brighter flame.

	Rainbow saw it, and she ignored the resounding shrieks of the monsters as they closed in around her.  She angled her wings and glided straight for Yaerfaerda, its six circles rotating faster and faster as she got closer.  She held her breath, stretching a hoof straight forward.

	Wh-Wham!  A serpent slam