med into her side.

	"Hrkkk!"  She collapsed, rolling off the bridge.  She gripped the metal surface at the last second—even thinking to raise a rear hoof up and buck the serpent on its second approach.  She pulled herself forward, tugging weakly at the floor.  Two more serpents landed.  She blasted one with the light from her pendant and uppercutted the other with her hoof.

	Then, on the next breath, her body went deathly cold.

	"Guh!"  Rainbow fell chin-first against the bridge.  Blood pooled around her, but she couldn't feel it.  She couldn't even smell it.  Every time she opened her red-on-yellow eyes, the world swam blazing pirouettes.  She tried whimpering somepony's name, but all that came out was bile.  Between the feverish blinks, she realized that something in her legs was mustering the strength to pull her forward, but it was a pitiable crawl at best, and the entire legion of monsters had closed in around her, circling at just a spit's distance.

	Up ahead, the pedestal was just a trot or two away, though the ruby flame billowed thinner and thinner, dying out—just like another light.

	Rainbow's eyes darted through the dizziness to see that her pendant was dimming.  Half a second later, she was howling in pain, gripping her forehead as two fixed points bled out along her brow.  She felt the brush of suddenly hairy fetlocks while a singular fang ripped through the gums in her teeth.

	Rolling over onto her back, Rainbow hugged herself, spasming in pain.  She didn't expect it to be this agonizing... to feel so excruciating.  A queer thought entered her mind: that her biggest mistake all these months was fighting it.  Upon contemplating that, the numbness returned.  Her yellow eyes opened, and she saw the monsters swarming in on her, for they knew—as she knew—that there was no harmony left to keep them at bay.

	Her eyes rolled back, and she shaded herself from the mess of fangs with a pair of twitching limbs.  It would do no good.

	The creatures descended on Rainbow in a violent, churning mass of teeth and claws.  At the same exact time, the ruby flame atop the pedestal went out completely.
		//------------------------------//
		// When the Light Goes Out		//------------------------------//

	Th-Thunk!

	Props gasped.  It was intensely dark inside the Noble Jury's engine room.  She spun around.

	There was no lavender light coming from the black iron cage.

	Muzzle quivering, the blonde engineer shuffled nervously towards the container.  Gripping the bars, she pensively peered in.

	The ancient tome lay on its side, completely dormant.  Nothing was glowing—not a single rune.

	The mare's eyes turned instantly glossy.



	Up on the top deck of the Jury, Zaid lay limply against the railing, his eyes thin as he gazed at Roarke and the forest beyond.

	Suddenly, there was a loud galloping of hooves.

	He turned around just as Props skidded to a stop.  He stood up straight, ears twitching at attention.

	Props stared back, panting, her eyes wide as saucers.

	Josho, Booster, and Floydien craned their necks to see.  Once they witnessed her expression, they slowly exchanged confused glances.

	Zaid shuffled towards her.  His mouth hung open on the edge of an unspoken question.

	That was when Props bit her lip.  She shook her head, harder and harder.  Tears welled up in her eyes as she collapsed right there, sobbing pitifully.

	Zaid's ears folded back.  Gulping a lump down his throat, he squatted alongside her and held the mare close.  He peered nervously over the ship's edge, where he made eye contact with Bellesmith.  He wished that he hadn't, so he instead buried his face into Props' neck.

	Belle gasped, clasping a hoof over her mouth.  Pilate tilted his head curiously towards her.

	In the meantime, Kera gawked, her mouth agape.  She shook, she fumed.  With a growl, she galloped straight into the misty tree-line.  Pilate and Belle were too late to stop her.

	Roarke, however, only needed to fling one hoof aside.  She caught Kera and lifted the foal up