 into her forelimbs.  The filly shrieked and struggled and fought.  Her horn glowed and the branches of the trees shook overhead.  As the leaves fell and Roarke's grip tightened, Kera's body untensed, melting into a series of pent-up sobs.  She clenched her eyes shut and let loose one long howl, surrendering to Roarke's embrace.

	Ebon awoke with a start, glancing worriedly towards the treeline.  Eagle held him close along the hangar's entrance, his body shaking with crying heaves as he clung to the changeling.

	Belle and Pilate nuzzled each other, helplessly looking on... listening on while Kera's wails echoed against the trees ahead of them.

	Roarke was silent.  She weathered every sob that wracked through Kera's body.  Only when it was time to nuzzle the child did she finally break eye contact with the foot of the mountain, her lenses devoid of glint or starlight.  She caressed the filly's mane, murmuring a single word over and over again that even she couldn't be bothered to remember.
		//------------------------------//
		// Eyes on the Big Picture		//------------------------------//

	The cosmos glittered endlessly, segmented into brilliant portraits with spectral nebulae as their majestic frames.

	Galaxies swirled with liquid grace across the ebony expanse, their epic, glowing arms like golden bands that streaked through inky darkness.

	Between the comet streaks, the solar flares, and the electromagnetic pulses, a solid ring hovered at a fixed point in space.  In the very center of its rotation was a shimmering beacon of light, warming every square kilometer of its curved inner surfaces.  The light flickered for a space of time, dimmed, then flickered once more, repeating its cycle evenly for decades, centuries, millennia, eons.

	In the far distance, occupying the far ends of the same galaxy, more rings twirled.  Dozens of them.  Hundreds.  Thousands.

	They swam a fantastic dance through the universe, like glowing eyes forever exploring the infinite expanse.

	"Ah, I see now.  We are forever learning, aren't we?"

	One ring in particular sailed through a patch of chaotic space, its outer surfaces suddenly covered in malevolent shadow.

	"Life, after all, is about progress.  Surely, one can expect a few bumps along the way, epic or not."

	With multiple pulses of light, the ring broke up into twelve separate parts.  They turned dark, dim, and swam away from each other across the miasmic emptiness.

	"There is chaos, and there is evil—for sure.  But then there are also those who do the wrong things for all the right reasons.  History will forever demonize them, but history doesn't have to be just a straight line, don't you think?"

	As the planes dwindled into darkness, their reflections vanished in the tears clinging to Rainbow Dash's eyelashes.  She drifted through the dismal clouds of chaos, her scarred limbs hanging limply by her side, her muzzle frozen in a perpetual grimace.

	"What...?!"  She gulped dryly.  "Where...?"

	"I'm beginning to understand, as maybe you're starting to, that history needs someone awesome like you... someone bold enough, crazy enough, and daring enough to complete the circle with just that—a straight line.  Are you up for the challenge?"

	"I..."  Rainbow gnashed her teeth.  She opened her lids just as she drifted past an artificial sun.  "I-I don't get it..."  Her eyes danced between bright and dark ends of a lone plane in chaos.  "...why am I not dead?"

	"Because you are up for the challenge.  It's silly of me to even ask.  And it's silly of you to feel so alone."

	Rainbow wheezed, watching as the curved plane tilted about to face her, its vast mountains, valleys, deserts, and oceans glittering beneath a brilliant sunrise.

	"I..."  Rainbow Dash seethed, her wings spreading apart as her muscles tightened.  "Fly."  She stretched a hoof forward, into the blinding light.  "I n-need to fly."

	"... ... ...let me help you."

	A soft hoof gripped Rainbow's and tugged—



	—her up into a sitting position.

	Rainbow gasped, spu