ttering.  With wide eyes, she looked around from where she sat, panting heavily.

	She was on the bridge deep inside the machine world.  Monsters loomed all around her, thrashing and gnashing at a rippling sphere of harmonic energy emanating outward in all direction.  Despite all of their ravenous efforts, they could no longer pierce through the field and touch her.

	Rainbow shuddered.  She blinked, then glanced down at her pendant with a gasp.

	The Element of Loyalty was pulsating brighter than the pegasus had ever before witnessed.  She was surprised that the ruby glow wasn't melting her already torn flesh.

	With a jolt, Rainbow faced the pedestal ahead of her.

	The flame was gone, but the Yaerfaerda symbol remained.

	Rainbow clenched her breath, took a deep breath, and lunged forward.

	Yelling, trailing blood, Rainbow soared towards the pedestal.  She slapped both forelimbs onto the very top.  There was no flame because she was the flame.  As soon as she made contact, the ruby light left the pendant and filled the brazer instead.  Her body erupted with harmonic energy, glowing all over with an immaculate crimson shine.  Every wound, gash, and bruise lit up.  Rainbow Dash ignited the pedestal, incinerating the cavernous interior of the machine in every possible direction.

	The abominations had nowhere to go.  They were doomed from the very moment that they followed Austraeoh inside.  In hellish shrieks, they dissolved one after another, consumed by the ruby torch as it billowed outward, filling every golden nook and cranny of the world's basement, spinning every gear and swinging every pendulum to life.  Soon, there was nothing left to see, for the burning dust of serpentine flesh had cast a fine blanket over every conceivable surface.  In mere seconds, the flame erupted outward, surging into the mountain's hollow core and melting the chaos strips outside to a coarse powder.  The frothing energy illuminated every cursed patch of stone with a cleansing, warming light.

		//------------------------------//
		// A Hard Act to Follow		//------------------------------//

	Beside the stationary Noble Jury, Bellesmith and Pilate cuddled closely with one another on the grass.  They weren't asleep, but they weren't exactly awake either.  Their calm breaths were interrupted every now and then by a sad shudder or a sniffle.  Otherwise, they were still.

	Ebon and Eagle Eye sat not too far away along the Jury's hangar doors, their slumbering expressions frozen in a melancholic glaze.  Further inside the hangar entrance, Props slumped in Zaid's faithful forelimbs.  The two of them were as cold and still as the metal bulkheads of the Jury that loomed around the two.

	All in all, a bitter quiet hush hung over the Jury as they greeted the dawn.

	And then the dawn greeted them.

	Kera was the first to notice it.  Her tattooed face twitched, wrinkled, then scrunched.  Her soft eyelids fluttered open, crusty with the salt of nightly tears.  She squinted her emerald eyes, peering into the mists.  She stood up, climbed over Bellesmith's tail, and padded quietly through the grass.

	She passed by Roarke, who stood at the forest's edge with her head bowed.  Upon hearing the crunch of leaves from the filly's small hooves, the metal mare looked up.  Her brow furrowed as she followed the foal's gaze.  Roarke's head tilted up, and she gazed into the treeline with whirring lenses.

	Belle looked up as well.  A slow gasp escaped her muzzle with increasing velocity.  She vigorously shook Pilate, who snapped awake.

	Ebon and Eagle woke from the sudden commotion, peering upwards to see.  Not long after, the rest of the Jurists trotted quietly out of the ship's hangar.  Josho, Floydien, Zaid, Props, and even Booster Spice stepped out into the clearing, all of their eyes locked on the mountainside.

	The fog was receding, dissipating.  It ran up the mountain's southern face like a reverse blanket, evaporating with translucent tendrils along the way.  Within the span of a minute, the entire cloud of mist had va