nished, exposing every beautiful green treetop in the crispness of dawn.

	Kera gawked at the sight.  She spun and looked at Belle and Pilate, her muzzle dropped.  The couple stood up, trotting softly towards her in numb awe.  Suddenly, Belle flinched, shading her eyes.  Pilate lurched to a stop, tilting his head towards his beloved worriedly.

	Curious, Kera spun around—and she too had to squint.  The sunrise had just broken the eastern edge of the mountain, and it pierced the fir trees around Amulek with multiple golden harpstrings.

	Kera had to rub her eyes.  Roarke, on the other hand, stared persistently through her guarded lenses.  Her lips pursed, and it wasn't long after that an uncharacteristically dainty gasp escaped her lips.

	Wincing, Kera looked up, once again braving the brightness.

	As the sun slowly swam its way above the mountain's edge, a petite figure came into focus, trotting quietly towards the Noble Jury, emerging from the dense forest with all her healthy limbs intact.  An unblemished coat shone like the blue sky itself.  At last, when she had fully entered the treeline, Rainbow Dash came to a stop with a rattle of her pendant, bearing a devilish smirk.

	Kera gaped.  Slowly, she sported a tattooed grin that almost mirrored the mare's, if only it weren't for the happy tearstreaks.  She waddled forward, ran, galloped—then threw herself into Rainbow Dash's chest, nuzzling her fuzzy coat.

	Rainbow wrapped a hoof around the filly, messing up her mane.  With a slight chuckle, she looked over the child's shoulder.  When she locked gazes with Belle, her cheeks turned suddenly rosy.

	Belle was lurching forward with Pilate not too far behind.  She reached a trembling hoof forward, giving Rainbow's face and ear the lightest of feathery touches.  Rainbow giggled and nuzzled Belle's hoof back.  At the warm touch, Belle finally caved.  She flung herself forward, swallowing Rainbow in a deep hug with Kera smooshed in between.

	Breathless, Pilate wandered in a zig zag, reaching forward with a stumbling hoof.

	Rainbow pulled her neck out from Belle's nuzzles and gave a sharp whistle.

	Pilate jerked towards the sound, collapsed, and practically plowed the group over with his hug.  The four of them laughed and sobbed at once, all of them clustering together to hold Rainbow Dash tight.

	Eagle shivered, holding a hoof over his muzzle.  He glanced aside at Ebon with a bittersweet smile.  Ebon smiled back, nuzzled him, then grasped the unicorn's hoof with his own—graciously leading him forward.  Soon, both stallions were squatting down, reaching in to nuzzle Rainbow Dash as dearly as they could.

	By this time, Props was bouncing in an ecstatic circle around the group, whooping and hollering her head off with several tosses of her blonde mane.  She barreled into the pile, causing several ponies to chuckle breathlessly.  Zaid smirked, squatting down and hugging Props from behind while the engineer gave Rainbow a cheek-rub or two or twelve.

	Josho leaned on his shotgun with a smirk.  Floydien trotted up beside him.  Josho glanced at the elk and did a double-take upon seeing a smile plastered across the pilot's muzzle.  Scratching his chins, Josho gave the air a booming laugh while once again returning his gaze to the warm scene.

	The laughter was not unheard.  Booster Spice glanced over his shoulder and spotted many familiar faces pouring out of the buildings of Amulek.  From afar, the goggled stallion could see Merigold, Drakshaa, and several others emerging into the sunlight.  The villagers gazed in shock at the clear blue skies and the golden dawn bathing their valley once again in wholesome warmth for the first time in months.  Biting his lip, the stallion turned around and gazed happily at the returning hero.  He clasped his hooves together and shuddered inwardly as his eyes moistened.

	Meanwhile, Rainbow Dash was trying her best to catch a breath from all of the legs and hooves of friends enfolded around her.  Chuckling, she blew her bangs out from her eyes and stared