inbow asked.

	"What the glimmer for?!" Floydien grunted, shooting various sparks from his antlers into the console and controls.  "Just so we can face the shake-shake elsewhere?!  Color wheel boomer wanted to plow Nancy through the storm, yes yes yes?"

	"Of course!  But first thing's first!  We gotta get to a calm spot so that we can figure out just where the passage of the Strip is so we can fly on through with no problem!"

	Eagle Eye raised his hoof, shivering.  "I vote for the calm spot!"

	"As much as I like to do things the meatheaded way, I'd really like to live through this journey long enough to eat a meal that isn't watered down again," Josho said.  "Come on, elkster, park us someplace relaxing."

	"Floydien would love to!"  The pilot grumbled.  "If the boomers would just stop crowding Floydien!"

	"S-sorry..."  Elma shuffled backwards against one wall of the cockpit.  "I forget that some creatures don't like to bump elbows."

	Eagle looked at her.  "Is Alafreo super crowded?"

	"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh-ho-ho-ho..."  Elma snapped her reptilian beak.  "You have no idea..."

	"Cease the spit for one minute-minute!" Floydien grumbled.

	The ponies on board braced themselves, holding their breaths as the Noble Jury lifted up, up, and emerged from a layer of clouds.  The air above the gray smudge was calm enough for the ship to carry forward at an even glide.  Directly out the cockpit windshield, the Jurists saw rolling plateaus of dark black smoke, and most of them oozing slowly towards them.  It was morning time, and the sun had risen—but the only hint of this was a pale haze that pierced only the topmost layer of the anvil clouds surrounding them, leaving the rest of the world in a depressing smoke-colored lurch.

	"I don't see what you're all getting so worked up about," Elma said in a pleasant tone.  "I've flown in and out of the Flurries for years.  Sure, it's turbulent and scary, but you've got yourselves a skystone vessel!" She smiled.  "You'll manage!"

	"Thanks for the vote of confidence, E.B."  Rainbow smirked tiredly at the turtle.  "But this crew has been through enough to know that you can't ever be too careful."

	Right as she said that, a dark shape lifted up out of the clouds and soared past the cockpit window.  SWOOOOSH!

	"Cat scat!" Floydien gasped, accidentally causing the ship the jerk a little.

	"Criminy!"  Josho added to the explanation.  "Was that a sea serpent?!"

	"At this height?!" Eagle questioned.

	"A m-meteor?"

	Eagle's violet eyes turned thin.  "It was flying up."

	"You guys hear a strange humming?" Rainbow murmured.

	"Don't look now..."  Josho pointed out the back of the cockpit.  The occupants stared over the rain-slick deck in time to see a glossy black sphere of a hovership come to a floating stop off the Jury's port side.  "...but our friends are back."

	"Uhhh..."  Elma stumbled back, her quivering eyes reflecting the red lights flickering across the front of the round vessel.  "Uhmmm..."

	"Yeah?"  Rainbow glanced down at her.  "What is it?"

	The turtle gulped and drew her head back into her cell.  "Those aren't exactly 'friends.'"
		//------------------------------//
		// Cold Never Bothered Them Anyway		//------------------------------//

	The black spheroid of a vessel hovered so close to the Noble Jury's port side that the ponies on the top deck could see their reflections in the dark gloss.  Every expression was contorted, full of dull shock and confusion.  For over five minutes, the strange ship hovered within this anxious proximity—not moving, not drifting, not making a sound.

	All the while, thunder broiled in the east, carried aloft by the bulbous heads of dark rolling clouds.  The early morning sun broke through the Flurries every now and then, but no sheen of light revealed any change in the isolated aircraft.

	At last Eagle Eye leaned into the center of the group and hissed, "Do you think it sees us?"

	"It's not an 'it,' fruit basket," Josho said in a gruff trone.  "If anything, it's likely a 'they.'"

	