------//

	A bright white sun glistened off wave after bitter cold wave.  The Frozen Sea stretched towards every horizon without blemish, save for one spot.  A large chunk of ice floated by its lonesome in the middle of the bobbing waters.  The miniature iceberg was a long, slender thing, about seven feet across and over ninety feet in length.  It resembled a great frozen coffin, in a way, and the falling flakes of snow had formed a thin carpet of powdery frost across its otherwise translucent surfaces.

	There was a brief flurry of wind, and some of the downy snow blew away, revealing a dull form lying darkly beneath the surface of the frozen slab.  The shard rocked a bit, its sides bobbing in the water.  Not long after, a forelimb reached down across the powdery snow.  A blue hoof slid free from a length sleeve of dark brown leather, then proceeded to brush the snow off the ice in sweeping motions.  The exposed surface of the shard reflected a hooded figure with twitching ears.

	With a deep breath, Rainbow Dash narrowed her goggled eyes, then swept more of the powder loose with her hoof.  The dark form exposed beneath the slab's exterior spread out underneath her, occupying the bulk of the floating block of ice.  Rainbow Dash backtrotted, clad in a tanned leather coat that fitted her form tightly, with a pair of holes allowing her blue wings to stick through.

	Shuffling and shuffling, Rainbow Dash brushed more of the snow off the slab's surface, utilizing her spectral tail hairs.  At last, she stumbled upon something of interest.  A few feet within the slab, she saw a gigantic row of teeth, frozen in an immortal snarl.  Not that far from this was a slender snout, at the end of which was attached a slender probiscus, coiled in a tight spiral from years of freezing temperatures and rigor mortis.  At the end of this fleshy attachment was a dark, bulbous structure... and it was glowing red, albeit dimly.

	Rainbow Dash took a deep breath.  At last, she lowered her hood, exposing her ears and billowing prismatic mane to the Frozen Sea's bitter winds.  Adjusting the lenses of her goggles, she reached back to a pair of tan leather saddlebags built into the material of her coat.  Opening one flap, she pulled out a metal tool of Props' design.  There was a hoof-shaped knob at one end, a glowing crystal in the center, and a sharp golden needle at the opposite point.

	Rainbow stood squarely over the dark figure beneath the ice.  With careful hooves, she tweaked and turned the knob of the instrument before flipping a tiny switch on its side.  The crystal started flickering as a high pitched whine filled the air.  Rainbow next unbuttoned a leather flap just beneath the collar of her coat.  Her ruby pendant was exposed from around her neck.  This, she rubbed with gentle motions of her hoof, summoning a ruby glow from within.  The unworldly light of her element illuminated the depths of the translucent ice block beneath her.  She zeroed her sights in on the spot where the frozen, fleshy probiscus attached to the dimly glowing gland beneath her, and she aimed her instrument's golden needle point at the stretch of ice directly above it.

	Bracing herself with her lower legs, Rainbow squatted low and turned the knob of her instrument, activating it.

	Vhrrrrrr!  The golden tip sparkled brightly, rivaling the sun's glow.  Tinting her goggles, Rainbow Dash leaned down and sliced deep into the ice.  Steam rose up around her in rapid grand columns, turning to frost downwind behind her.  Scrkkkk!  With practiced precision, Rainbow Dash cut a deep square in the ice, large enough to frame the target that awaited her underneath.

	She was two-thirds of the way through her task when she heard a sudden splash of water.

	Instantly, Rainbow Dash cut the instrument off and looked up.  With a blurred hoof, she reached up and untinted her goggles.

	Waves and waves surrounded her in the Frozen Sea.  There wasn't a single object to be found—not a solitary darting shape.  She did sense the slab weaving slightly, but even that c