"Well, they certainly are very comfortable staying as an it."

	"It or they or crap, too closely to Nancy does the glimmer hover!" Floydien growled from the cockpit.  "Floydien has a good mind to give them something to mind over!"

	"Easy there, big fella," Rainbow Dash said, waving a hoof at the pilot without looking.  "No sudden moves.  For all we know, this ship belongs to ponies who are in charge of this place."

	Eagle Eye's muzzle scrunched up.  "In charge of the frozen wastes?"

	"Floydien has seen stranger things."

	"Yeah, well, that much is certain," Josho said with a nod.  "But out here in pointed nipple country?"

	"Elma?"  Rainbow Dash squinted towards the cockpit.  "Elma, what's wrong?"

	The oversized snapping turtle hid from view, shaking her scaled head and breathing heavily.  In the meanwhile, two stallions swiftly climbed up from the floors below.

	"Hey!  Blue Mare Group!"  Zaid shuffled briskly across the top deck.  "Senor Mane and I here totally saw a big black watermelon floating about outside?  You guys see it—Holy Jumarenji!"  Zaid jolted in place at the sight of the sudden ship.

	"Ooof!"  Ebon bumped into the stallion's rear and winced.  "What in the name of croutons?"  His eyes twitched.  "Uhhhhh... guys?"  He gulped.  "What's with the floating bowling ball of death?"

	"It's not here to kill us," Rainbow droned.

	"How do we know that?" Josho retorted.

	"I refuse to believe that everything that exists out here wants us dead!" Rainbow's voice cracked.

	"Then your colored mane's doing a really darn good job of leeching the smarts from your brain 'cuz live and learn, sister!  Out here we is screwed immaculate!"

	"Will everypony just calm down?" Ebon remarked, then took one glance at the cockpit.  "...and turtle."  He cleared his throat and looked at the group again. "I'm with Rainbow Dash.  Let's not assume the worst until the worst happens.  Now, where's Propsy and her uncle?"

	"Yeah!  Let's get Beardo up here!"  Zaid grinned wildly.  "I'm sure he's got a super scope on that boomstick arm of his!"

	"No!  Nononono..." Elma stammered beneath a rattling beak.

	Rainbow turned towards her.  "Why not...?"

	"Just... don't bring Prowse up here.  I have a bad feeling about this."

	"Floydien thinks that shelled boomer has bad feelings about every spit."

	"It's k-kept me alive this long, hasn't it?"

	"Uhm... guys?" Eagle Eye spoke up.  "I think I saw movement."

	"Movement?"  Rainbow turned towards him.  "Where?"

	Phhhhshhhhhhhhhh!  A wave of mist was expelled from the front of the craft.  Josho instinctively unholstered his shotgun while, Eagle Eye levitated a sword and shield.  Even Floydien's antlers were sparkling wildly.  Rainbow Dash had to fly swift circles in front of them, gesturing the group to lower their weapons.  All the while, she had her head turned, ruby eyes staring at the spectacle before them.

	Slowly, the forward front quarter of the ship's dome-like structure rolled back, sliding inside its own shell.  A flat, semi-circular platform appeared, with gray metal surfaces that contrasted greatly with the glossy exterior.  After the initial burst of steam, tiny jets of vapor continuously emanated from the outer rim of the exposed ship.  The Jurists shuddered, their faces and coats pelted by a curtain of heat wafting off of the ship.

	"The crap is this thing?" Josho murmured through a twisted expression.  "A muffin delivery ship?  That thing must be full of ovens."

	"Ooooh!"  Zaid grinned wide.  "I could go for some blueberry!"

	"I was being sarcastic, dumbass."

	"And I was being optimistic, snotcrotch!"

	"Guys!  Knock it off!" Rainbow hissed.  "I swear!  Stallions are such hotheads—"

	In the space of two seconds, seven dark and hooded figures scurried up to the middle of the strange ship's platform and froze in place.

	With a gasp, Eagle Eye jumped into Josho's telekinetic field so that the older stallion could "hold" him.  Josho rolled his eyes and dropped the ex-mercenary with a thud ("Ow!").

	Zaid bli