nked while Ebon Mane and Floydien gaped.  Elma was nowhere to be seen at this point, even by her fellow peers.

	"Uhhhhhhhh..."  Rainbow Dash could only drone.

	Then, with icy grace, all seven figures rose at once, standing perfectly straight.  Their forward limbs hid within the recesses of their tight, rubbery cloaks.  As they all stared simultaneously towards the Noble Jury, Rainbow Dash could see streaks of glowing yellow light from between the creases of their black outfits.  But that wasn't all she could see.  Within the frame of each hood, there wasn't a face, but rather a mask—silver in color and slick with condensation, like sweating shadows.  A pair of diamond-shaped eyeslits were set within the brow, and the "mouth" was formed out of a solid horizontal line consisting of several vertical metal links that rattled with the minute sway of the ship.  What's more, the very outer edges of the masks—between the silver surfaces and the spongy black material of the robes—there was a deep yellow glow, as if some sort of luminosity was purposefully resonating from within the creatures' suits.  It looked as though their masks' expressions were perpetually grimacing, and yet emotionally neutral.  It was hard for Rainbow Dash to read anything from them, especially since the figures continually stood there, straight up in bipedal fashion, with no jerk or twitch to their icy frames.

	"Er..."  Rainbow cleared her throat, hovering forward a bit.  "Hey there... dudes.  My name is Rainbow Dash.  These are my friends... the crew of the Noble Jury."  She smiled nervously.  "What brings you out to these parts?"

	The seven figures said nothing.

	"Have you... uh... have you gotten lost?"

	The seven figures said nothing.

	"Do you... know any way that we can get through the Strip of Flurries unscathed?  Eheheh..."

	The seven figures said nothing.

	Rainbow Dash exhaled with a shudder.  "Well, then.  This certainly doesn't feel like shopping for pet rocks in the least."

	"Psssst... Rainbow!"  Eagle Eye hissed, leaning towards her while he kept his violet eyes locked on the craft.  "Remember what they described?  In Lerris?"

	"Yeah..."  Rainbow Dash nodded.  "I totally do."

	"So... uhm... what do we do?"

	"I doubt we have anything that's worth trading."

	"Don't tell me that!  Tell them that!"

	"Why can't you tell them?"

	"Because they're creepy as heck!"

	"Oh for crying out—"

	"Hey there!  Uhhh... Yoohoo!"  Zaid suddenly waved his forelimb, speaking above the distant roll of thunder.  "You guys wouldn't happen to have any grilled cheese on you, wouldja?"

	The seven figures said nothing.

	Zaid blanched.  "Yeah.  Right.  Screw these guys."

	"Floydien?"  Rainbow Dash finally took her eyes off the seven.  "Pull us further north, slow and steady—"

	The centermost figure atop the ship suddenly twitched.  His hood's glow switched from gold to a crimson red.  Vapor squeezed through the links of his mask's "lips" as he pulled his forearm out of his vest.  Five elongated digits held a black disc, and with one squeeze, an image of a stallion appeared in flickering holographic glory.

	"This stallion," a voice crackled, like a recorded voice being broadcasted through six sound stones back to back while suffering leyline feedback.  It was difficult to make out the words, and he appeared to know it, speaking in slowly pronounced syllables and elongated verbs.  "Have you seen him?"

	"Huh?"  Rainbow Dash did a double-take as the rest of the crew flinched at the sudden outburst.

	The gloved hand held the hologram higher.  "Have you stumbled upon this stallion in your travels?"

	Rainbow Dash stared.  She studied the hologram's pale coat, red beard, and metal left prosthetic.  She glanced towards her peripheral vision, but Elma was nowhere to be seen.  She cleared her throat.  "No.  I can't say that I have."

	The figure remained frozen in place, holding the hologram up high.  "If you've encountered this stallion, it would be in your best interests to be rid of him."

	"