Uhhhh... have you taken a look around, dude?"  Rainbow gestured towards the stormy mess below and on the immediate horizon.  "Either it's farting thunder or it's peeing ice around this place.  I seriously doubt any random stallion is just going to happen to show up."

	"This place is dangerous to foreign travelers," the figure said.  "But there are things hidden in these clouds, things that are far more dangerous.  Malevolent, even."

	"You don't say..."

	"If you give this stallion to us, we will be on our way."

	"Didn't you hear me?"  Rainbow frowned.  She pointed at the figures on the top deck of the Jury beneath her.  "All the stallions on board are accounted for."

	"And mares," Josho said, nudging Eagle.

	"Old stallion!" Eagle Eye hissed.  "There is a time and a place—"

	"We estimate that you have a lot of space on board your ship," the figure said, his suit's red glow giving a bloody taint to the vapors pouring out of his mask.  "He could be hiding aboard and you wouldn't know it.  You could be in great peril."

	"For real..."  Rainbow Dash frowned.  "What's it to you?"

	The figure finally lowered the hologram with a sudden, jerky movement.  "I am Razzar of the Lounge, and the stallion in question is responsible for the theft and murder of dozens of our clients.  For the safety of this passage, and for the integrity of our enterprise, we must have him."


		//------------------------------//
		// Just a Matter of Fact		//------------------------------//

	"A m-murderer?" Ebon stammered.

	Rainbow's tail thwacked the stallion's face from where she hovered in front of him.  Keeping her eyes on the lead figure's mask, she hovered slightly forward and said, "I'm sorry to hear about your clients.  That is most uncool.  And if we could help you, we would.  But, like I've said before, we're just trying to pass through the Flurries."  She slowly shook her head.  "We don't know anything about the stallion you're showing us."

	Razzar, his mask laced with a red glow, stood stock-still.  At last, after many seconds, he raised his hand up in a gnarled fist.  The other six Lounge cohorts fell down on all fours and shuffled backwards.  Slowly, Razzar stepped towards the edge of his ship, shuffling one rear foot at a time.

	Rainbow fidgeted a bit, but eventually met his stride, hovering forward so that the two were face-to-face along the edges of their adjacent vessels.  A cold gust of air flew through them, around them, obscuring their suddenly quiet conversation from the rest of those in attendance.

	"I take it that you're the leader of this group of wandering, flying ponies," Razzar said, his voice calm and serene behind his emotionless mask.  "If not evident in the possession of your wings, it's apparent in your resolve and bravado."

	"Is that the business you 'Lounge' guys are in?" Rainbow asked with a raised eyebrow.  "Drive by compliments?"

	"I am only stating what I observe," Razzar said, his head nodding slightly.  "Now let me state something else.  We have been watching your vessel closely for the past week."

	"What?"  Rainbow frowned.  "What the frig for?"

	"It is our business to know who it is that decides to travel through these Wastes.  We have learned to adapt to these frozen pockets of air in ways that no other group has.  As a result, we have taken it upon ourselves to maintain the safe passage for everyone who is far less lucky than we.  Right now, you and your group are a threat to others as well as to yourselves."

	"What in the hay are you talking about?"

	Razzar leaned forward with a glint to his silver mask.  "We know that you were the last ones to leave that frozen seaship alive.  We know that it was your battle with the Frost Wyrm that sank the vessel and the iceberg to the depths.  Furthermore, we know who it is that you 'rescued' from the ship's hold, and whom you now hide in your possession."

	Rainbow Dash said nothing, her jaw clenched tight.

	"He is not as he seems.  He is a deceiver of the highest order.  What story did he concoct about how