 he was stranded to begin with?  Pirates?  Hijackers?"  Razzar pointed a sharp, gloved finger.  "It was him who stranded that vessel within the iceberg to begin with.  All of the ponies on board lost their lives because he willed it, exploiting their trust and their weaknesses.  He will do the very same to you if you are not careful."

	"Tell me, bright eyes."  Rainbow Dash leaned her scowling face closer.  "If you're so good at following others around and seeing through everything, then how would you have let this supposed dude remain alive on such a frozen ship?"

	"The Lounge are astute sentries of the Wastes, but we are far from perfect.  We searched the ship all over in hopes of finding him after its crash.  Alas, he somehow managed to escape our notice.  His cunning is undeniably great.  We believe that he only became visible once more when it came time to lure you and your companions into his trap.  Little did we know that we'd be waiting in the wings, taking the opportunity to observe his foolish reappearance."

	"If you ask me, I think you guys are paranoid," Rainbow Dash said.  "If you're such a big help to the Frozen Sea, why don't you stop wasting your time on a pathetic wild goose chase and instead so something helpful?"  She smirked briefly.  "Like showing us a way through the Flurries?  Because—I don't know if you've noticed—but the skies east of here aren't all that friendly, and we could certainly use a few good pointers."

	Razzar slowly shook his head.  "Not while that stallion remains unfettered.  We owe it to the families and partners of those maligned to bring him back to justice."

	"'Bring him back to justice?'"  Rainbow Dash squinted.  "Just what are you guys after?"

	"Enough discourse," Razzar's voice took on a crackling edge as his cloak glowed brighter from within.  The steam came out in rapid bursts now.  "We must have him.  It is imperative that you comply."

	"I don't think you Lounge melon fudges are nearly as altruistic as you let on!"  Rainbow Dash sneered.  "You're just a bunch of bounty hunters, aren't you?"

	Razzar said nothing.

	"Feh..."  Rainbow spat.  "If there's anything I can't stand in this wide, wicked world, it's hypocritical bounty hunters.  I've fought several, converted one, and butted heads with far more than I'd care to admit.  I did not fly two weeks into Hearth's Warming buttocks just to deal with your kind again.  You want to help us?  Fine.  Then buzz off."  Rainbow flung a hoof through the windy air.  "Make like a... a... wh-whatever you are and leaf!"

	Razzar's red-tinted vapors coalesced around his bobbing head.  "I am telling you this absolute truth now, winged pony.  If you keep this stallion on board your ship, you will not make it to the other side of the Flurries alive."  His fingers clenched into gloved fists.  "Of this I can assure you."

	Rainbow's mouth hung agape.  "Is that some sort of threat?"

	"Just a matter of fact."  Razzar took a deep breath, his mask's speaker crackling.  "We are giving you and your comrades five minutes to deliberate.  Once time is up, and you have relinquished the stallion to us, then we shall guide you through the Flurries... or leave you be.  Whichever you prefer."  He made to turn around, but paused.  His mask tilted up towards her again.  "Oh, and if it helps you to know, we have endured not only the harshness of the Frozen Wastes, but the wrath of the Warring Continent as well.  We know the lands behind and beyond the Flurries with utmost clarity.  It would behoove you to not attempt anything foolish right now.  Think of your crew.  That is all."

	With that said, the leader marched away and joined the other six of the Lounge.

	Rainbow, shuddering ever so slightly, pivoted and flew back to the rest of the Jury.

	And thus began the first of five minutes...
		//------------------------------//
		// The Wrath of Nancy Jane		//------------------------------//

	"What did he say?" Eagle Eye whispered.

	"Where's Elma?" Rainbow Dash muttered, flying through the crowd.

	"What did he say