, Rainbow?"

	"Never mind that.  We're screwed if we don't give up Prowse to these dodoes in the next four and a half minutes."

	While Eagle Eye gasped, Josho glared towards the Lounge's ship.  "Define 'screwed?'"

	"I don't intend to find out."

	"But we can't give them Prowse!" Ebon squeaked.

	"I know that, Chef Enstallion!"  Rainbow hissed.  "I don't trust these masked hornjobs any further than I can throw them.  Now where's Elma?"

	Floydien emerged from the cockpit, kicking the shivering turtle into view.

	"Gaaah!"  Elma hid behind Josho so as not to be seen by the masked figures.  "Can I pleeeeeeease go down below?"

	Rainbow squatted until she was even with her scaled face.  "These dudes say that they want Prowse."

	"Well of c-course they want the Professor!"

	Rainbow's eyes narrowed.  "Why?"

	"How should I know?!  That's what the pirates captured us for to begin with!  I already told you that!"

	"They claim that Prowse is a liar and a murderer of local passengers."

	"Propsy's Uncle?!" Ebon said through a grimace.

	"The Professor certainly has a short fuse and he's been known to wave a boomstick in a few ponies' faces."  Elma Boreal gulped. "But he's never finished a fight unless somepony else started it!"

	"Are you sure about that?" Josho asked, glaring.

	"He may be a bit nutso, but he's not st-stupid!  The Frozen Sea is no place to make enemies.  We've had enough trouble as it is being bullied by pirates to bother rubbing other travellers the wrong way out here!"

	"Well, whatever the case, Prowse has made enemies in the wrong places," Rainbow Dash said.  She motioned over her shoulder towards the floating ship.  "And now these guys have come to collect."

	"Collect?"  Eagle Eye blinked.  "You mean they're bounty hunters?"

	"Different mouths, the same old spit," Floydien grumbled.  "No sea is the same unless it can run red."

	"Then what do we do?!"  Ebon Mane asked.  "They sure don't look friendly!  What'll happen when the time they've given us is up?"

	"I'm not going to let it come to that," Rainbow Dash said.

	Zaid smiled.  "I say you head-butt them!"

	"What?  No!"  Rainbow frowned.  "We gotta go about this carefully."

	"Go about what, exactly?"

	There was a tapping sound from the adjacent ship.  Rainbow glanced over to see Razzar looking directly towards her.

	"What's that all about?" Ebon remarked.

	"I think we're down to three minutes..."

	"So go on and headbutt him!" Zaid hissed.

	"Floydien, carefully and quietly, turn the intercom on," Rainbow Dash murmured aside.  "Patch us through to the engine room."

	"Yes yes yes..."  The elk shuffled over and stealthily tapped the console on the wall with his rear left hoof.

	"What do you have in mind?" Eagle asked.

	"It's going to be risky, but it'll take all of our concentration and teamwork to pull off."

	"Pull off what, exactly?" Josho asked.

	"Yeah."  Zaid nodded.  "It only takes one pony with wings to headbutt them."

	"Shhhh!  Will you shut the heck up about the stupid headbutting thing?!"

	The intercom crackled.  "Scrkkkk!  Mareshi Mareshi!"

	"Props..."  Rainbow spoke while keeping a trained eye on the seven figures still facing the Jury.  "I'm going to give you a signal.  When I do, I want you to fire the skystone engines into full drive."

	"Whoazies!  The skystone engines?"

	"Dang straight."

	"Isn't the weather too ugly fugglies for doing a test run?"

	"This is no test run," Rainbow said, shaking her head.  "This is the real deal."

	"But Rainbow!" Eagle stammered.  "We can't speed headlong into those clouds?!  The Flurries will tear us apart!"

	"That's a slower way to die than being blasted to bits by whatever friggin' crap they've got trained on us from inside their ship!"  Rainbow hissed.  "Besides, the cloud cover will provide us with the only way to lose them!"

	"To lose who?!  What are we dealing with?!"

	"We've met some friends of Elma's and your Uncle's," Rainbow droned.  "The Lounge."

	There was a great deal of explosive 