chatter on the other end, followed by Props' nervous voice.  "Uhm... Unky Prowsy wants me to tell you not to trust those guys."

	Josho spoke up.  "Did he explain why?"

	"He... used a lot of four letter words that even I don't understand."

	"Tell your Uncle that I'll talk to him about this later," Rainbow said.  "Right now, we gotta prepare to jump into the skystone drive right when I give the signal."

	"Poor boomers will get sucked into the wind wind," Floydien remarked.

	"Right.  That's why we gotta jump inside as soon as we hit it," Rainbow said.  "Me, Josho, and Eagle Eye will haul flank to the stairwell.  The rest of you follow Floydien into the cockpit.  Shut the doors and buckle up."

	"Won't they chase us?" Ebon asked.

	"I'm guessing you have a plan to knock their lights out," Josho said.

	"Right..."  Rainbow nodded towards him.  "You make them run for cover with your shotgun.  Floydien?"

	The elk blinked.

	Rainbow pointed.  "You give them the zap with your... zappy antlers..."

	"Floydien isn't sure that the glimmer will be enough."

	"Do the best you can.  Shoot their engine—or what you guess is their engine.  Then rush into the cockpit, close the door, and throttle us straight towards the clouds."

	"Hrmmmf..."  Floydien's muzzle twisted.  "Nancy Jane is not going to like this..."

	"You think she'll like being pawed all over by these freakazoids?"

	Floydien nodded.  "Color wheel has a good point.  Glimmer shimmer it is."

	"We'll lose them in the clouds, pull to a higher elevation, and stabilize the ship."  Rainbow Dash took a deep breath and gazed at everypony around her.  "Got it?"

	"Mmmmm..."  Zaid fidgeted.

	Rainbow and the rest glared at him.

	"Fine..."  He sighed, waving a hoof.  "You've got a soft fuzzy head anyways."

	"He's right, of course," Eagle said.

	Rainbow squinted at the stallion.  "How would you know?"

	"Uhhhhh..."

	"My little ponies..."

	Everyone turned and looked.

	Razzar stood on the edge of his ship with arms outstretched.  An errant ray of sunlight glinted off his mask.  "Time is up.  Have you come to your decision?"

	"I don't recall you giving us an actual choice in the matter," Rainbow remarked in a dull tone.

	Razzar icily nodded.  "True.  But I was hoping that your proper wisdom would pull through."

	"Oh yes..."  Rainbow Dash nodded.  "It has alright."  Her nostrils flared.  "Are you ready?"

	"We wouldn't have approached you in the first place if we weren't."

	"Works for me."  Rainbow spread her wings, spun around, and slapped Josho's flank with her tail.

	Snarling, Josho twirled his shotgun out and fired two broad shots.

	The rolling thunder masked the blasts as his weapon discharged on the exposed deck of the Lounge's ship.  The six figures behind Razzar juked and dodged with extraordinary ease.  Meanwhile, Razzar—unfazed—jerked his upper body and slid a ridiculously large double-barreled rifle out from his sleeve.  Kneeling, he slid a slender tail out from his cloak, used it to prop himself in a low squat, and returned fire instantly.

	Josho gasped as a stream of red energy soared straight for his skull.  Cl-Clank!  Eagle Eye's shield flew up, deflecting the blast.

	Panicked, Rainbow hissed out the side of her muzzle.  "Floydien—"

	But the elk was already dashing forward, all antlers charging in full.  "Grrrrrrrrrrgh!  Here comes the magiccccc!"  Bzzzzzzzt!

	Bolts of electrical energy surged into the polished black hull of the Lounge's spherical ship.  Something burst dully from inside, and the ship immediately veered away from the Noble Jury's port-side.  Razzar and the rest of his crew stumbled for an even stance.

	The ponies on board were already scrambling.  Josho and Eagle Eye galloped towards the stairwell together.  Rainbow Dash scooped up a breathless Elma and flew after them.  "Punch it, Props!  Punch it!"  The door slid behind her, just as it slid behind Floydien, Zaid, and Ebon on the opposite end.  Half a second after everyone was inside, the red skystone cry