stals atop the ship's deck pulsed brightly and the entire vessel rocketed east, skimming its way straight into the clouds.



	"Rrrrrgggh!"  Floydien hissed, his face tense and sweating as he gripped a pair of controls tightly in two cloven hooves.  Behind him, the other three stallions gasped and stumbled as the entire cockpit flounced.  "Forgive your beloved in advance, Nancy!  A darling anniversary this is not!  No no no!"

	"Yeesh!"  Zaid blanched.  "Bouncy enough?!"

	"This is crazy!"  Ebon squeaked.  "At this rate, the bulkheads will shatter within seconds!"

	"Sorry to disappoint the sailboat boomer," Floydien gruntled.  "But Nancy hasn't t-taken a swim yet!"

	"Huh?!"  Ebon craned his head to see over the elk's shoulder.  His ears folded while his pupils shrank.

	The dark wall of the thunderclouds loomed straight ahead at a crooked angle.  They were about ten seconds away from piercing the tumultuous layer.

	"You've g-gotta be kidding me..."  Ebon reached out and hugged the first body he could.

	"Whatever you do..."  Zaid gulped.  "Don't pee on me."

	"Get ready for the shimmer shiver!" Floydien shouted as his body tensed.

	And then the Noble Jury struck the cloud wall.



	"Aaaaaugh!"  Josho and Eagle Eye immediately lost balance, rolling awkwardly down the stairwell as the entire ship buckled around them.  Rainbow Dash gripped Elma with all four limbs as she ricocheted off wall after wall.

	Grunting, Rainbow Dash flew down and collapsed across a stretch of metal floor alongside the two former soldiers.  She rolled Elma upright, stretched her feathers, and fought gravity until she ascended onto the second floor of the stairwell.



	Inside her cabin, Bellesmith gasped, pratfalling out of her cot.  She rolled across the floor, winced, then immediately jumped up to catch Kera as the filly fell limply from the mattress.  Holding the catatonic little pony tight, she braced herself against a wall as the ship rattled all around her.  Panting, she strained to pull herself across the tiny compartment and burst her way through the hallway door.

	Outside, Pilate was already stumbling, his breaths coming in quick spurts beneath the perpetual clamor of the turbulent ride.

	"Belle!  Beloved, is that you?!"

	"I'm right here, Pilate."  Belle reached out to him with one arm while lying on her knees and cradling Kera with the other.  "I think the skystone engines have been activated!"

	"But what for?!  The weather's too unpredictable!"

	"Rainbow Dash must have a good reason..."  Just then, Belle saw movement in the mess hall.  She craned her neck and shouted, "Rainbow Dash!  What's going on?!"

	"It's all under control!" Rainbow sputtered, though her voice was drowned out by the clattering of pots and pans hitting the floor of the kitchen she had emerged from.  Undaunted, she flitted from porthole to porthole, staring out at the churning waves of cloudy chaos.  "I just gotta make sure that we've lost them!"

	"Lost who?!" Pilate gulped.  "Those strangers who pulled up in their ship just now?"

	"They're bounty hunters who're after Prowse!" Rainbow exclaimed.  "And they're willing to blow us out of the sky just to get him!"

	"You sure about that?!" Belle asked.

	Rainbow snapped, "What does it matter?!  With all the crap that's been trying to kill us out here, I don't want to take any chances!"

	Pilate blinked blindly.  "You... you risked everything just for Props' Uncle?"  He gulped.  "Even though you've only known him for a day?"

	"Look, if you don't agree with my decision, that's fine, but—"

	"I didn't say I disagreed!" Pilate exclaimed, his lips curving slightly.

	Belle glanced him while holding Kera tight.

	Rainbow took a breath and looked out the port side windows.  "Anyways, no sweat.  Looks like we lost them."  She exhaled heavily.  "We should be able to pull out of this mess now."  She flew over to an intercom and pressed her hoof against the shaking console.  "Floydien?  We're clear.  You can tell Props to turn off the engines and—"

	"U