hhhhh... Rainbow Dash?" A wavering voice picked up.

	Rainbow grunted.  "Zaid, what is it?"

	"Don't look now... but... uhm..."

	"Huh?"  Rainbow Dash squinted out the porthole.  Just then, a round black shape lifted into view, pulling itself parallel to the ship as it effortlessly pierced the clouds.  The mare gasped.

	"I... uh... really th-think you should have headbutted them."

	Belle backtrotted nervously.  "R-Rainbow...?"

	In the next flash of lightning, a piece of the Lounge's black hull could be seen separating from the rest of the ship, swiveling a full circle, and stopping with a two-pronged cannon aimed at the Noble Jury.  Two tiny holes glowed orange as the weapon charged.

	"Get down..."  Rainbow Dash muttered, spun around, and flew across the mess hall, covering all three ponies with her body.  "Get down!"

	KaPOW!
		//------------------------------//
		// Any Dash In a Storm		//------------------------------//

	"Auccchhh!"  Prowse grunted as his body rolled into the engine room's rattling wall.

	"Oooof!"  Props collapsed on the floor not far from him.  She tilted her head up, reeling, and gasped.  "That felt like a Magnetic Transconductive Crystalline Energy Dishcharge!"

	With two more resounding thuds, the hull of the Noble Jury shook around the Uncle and Niece once more.

	She stammered into the flickering lavender light.  "That was!  That was a Magnetic Transconductive Crystalline Energy Discharge!"  She dashed towards the nearest door and burst out into the stairwell.  "We're being shot at!"

	"Propsicle!"  Prowse sputtered as he struggled back to his flesh and metal hooves.  "Whaur ur ye runnin' aff tae, lassie?! Thes engine is spittin' up steam somethin' fierce!"

	"You can keep an eye on it, Unky Prowsy!" her voice shouted down the compartment.  "Just make sure we all don't explode!"

	"Ye dae realize fa yoo're talkin' tae?!"  Prowse winced, turning to face the mess of glowing, rattling pipes that filled the interior.  "Mmmmmmmmmm bloody hell..."



	All the while, the Noble Jury hurled through the thunderous mess that was the Flurries.  Dark clouds frothed on all sides, spitting lightning and flashes of light in random direction.  Sheets of rain poured in blinding gusts, and yet the skystone vessel hurled itself down the cneter of it.

	Tailing the ship's stern, speeding along at a menacing rate, hurled the Lounge's ship.  The craft bobbed and weaved through the turbulent weather with unmatched grace.  In fact, the only reason it slowed at all was so that it could align its sights with the Noble Jury cruising ahead.  At regular intervals, the bulbous black sphere rotated a cannon along its central access, taking aim and firing bright flashes of murderous light at its target.

	These streaks of energy skirted past the Noble Jury's hull, at least until the stream inevitably made its mark, and then the resulting fireworks would send the Jury spiraling violently deeper into the howling tempest.



	Ebon Mane and Zaid collided dumbly with each other.  Meanwhile, Elma clung desperately to a metal panel while Floydien braced himself against the front end of the buckling cockpit.

	"Grrgggh!  Stop hurling turd glimmers at Floydien's beautiful beloved!" the elk shouted.

	"Crkkkk!  Floydien!" Rainbow Dash's voice crackled from a cluster of soundstones.  "You gotta lose 'em!"

	Floydien spat back into the intercom.  "Well Color Wheel Boomer was the one who found them!"



	"So the job of the losing the death stabbies is not up to Floyd Floyd, now is it?!" the elk's voice cackled.

	Rainbow Dash gnashed her teeth as she looked across the careening mess hall towards where Pilate, Bellesmith, and Kera cowered.

	"You gotta fly more unpredictably!  Try pulling is into a dive to see if they can match!"

	"Does Nancy Jane have blue feathers and a cracking voice?!  Nancy is far more delicate than east farting horse horse!"

	"Well we're gonna be toast at this rate!" Rainbow rasped.

	"Dashie!"  Props' voice ran ahead of her as she scampered out of the