 kitchen and into the mess hall.  "The baddies are using a—Whoahhhhh!"  She slipped, somersaulted, and rolled like a blonde ball across the room.

	Rainbow pivoted and caught the mare with her legs and wings.  "Oooof!"  They boith slid across the room and landed beside Bellesmith.

	Props shook her dizzied head, then looked down at the pegasus she was straddling.  "—a  Magnetic Transconductive Crystalline Energy Generator!"

	"Uhhhh..."  Rainbow blanched before practically bucking the mare off her.  "Don't know if you've noticed, blondie, but we're being shot at by rogue freaknuts in the middle of Hurricaneville!"  She flapped her wings and hovered in the middle of the rumbling ship.  "If you need spare parts, I'm not really in the position to do some scavenging—"

	"No, don't you get it?!  That's what these ebil ebil guys are using to shoot at us!"  Props gulped, leaning against Pilate and Belle.  "And Magnetic Transconductie Crystalline Energy Generators are highly sensitive to other magnetized materials!  Something tells me these yahoos aren't used to shooting at ponies who can fight back!"

	"Fight back?!"  Pilate stammered, clutching Belle as the ship around them jolted from more energy blasts.  "You mean if we had some magnetically conductive dust to launch at those chasing us?"

	"Or m-maybe strips of energized industrial cobalt!" Belle added with a quivering breath.

	"Darn it, guys, would you listen to yourselves?!" Rainbow hollered.  "I blew it!  And now we're all up to our earballs in pew pew death and lightning!"  She kicked a nearby bulkhead, grunting.  "Where in the heck am I gonna find magnetic sneeze powder or cobalt whatsits at a time like this!"

	"Beats the fluff out of me," Props said with a shrug.  "I mean, aside from the bucketload of industrial cobalt slabs that Roarke bought in Gray Smoke and left sitting and collecting dust in our very own hangar."

	Rainbow Dash did a double-take.  "Buh?"

	"Oh... uhm..."  Props smiled awkwardly.  "I mean we totally have a bucketload of industrial cobalt slabs that Roarke bought in Gray Smoke and left sitting and collecting dust in our very own hangar!"

	Pilate's jaw hung open.

	Belle slowly pivoted her head to gawk at Rainbow Dash.

	"And you didn't think to mention this before, because...?"  Rainbow Dash hissed.

	"Well, you seemed super merry-go-round-cheesed off at Roarke before and after she left, and I never once thought that'd we'd be on the run from a bunch of shady bad guys firing a Magnetic Transconductive Crystalline Energy Generator at our butts while in the middle of a dark magical fate storm—"

	"Scrkkkk!"  The nearby intercom lit up.  "Will you stop spitting and just save Floydien's Nancy Jane already?!"

	"Sorry handsome!" Props squeaked.

	Rainbow flew over and picked the mare up by her shoulders.  "How can I make explosions with strips of chocolate bolt?!"

	"Cobalt!  And it doesn't involve explosions."

	"What?!" Rainbow grimaced.

	"Their ship's gotta be super charged with crystalline energy!"  Props stammered above the thunder and rattling bulkheads.  "If the cobalt slabs were to—say—get in contact with the hull of the bad guys' ship..."

	Pilate finished, "The magnetized metal in the slabs would overload the Energy Generator from the outside!"

	"So?"  Rainbow flashed the zebra a look.  "What's that mean?!  No pew pew?"

	Pilate gulped and nodded.  "No pew pew."

	"Fine!"  Rainbow dropped Props ("Whoah!" Thud!)  and took a deep breath.  "Then I'll grab the slabs, fly out there, and save the day with... erm... death metal!"

	"Rainbow, are you serious?!"  Belle hugged Kera tight with one forelimb and pointed out a flickering porthole with the other.  "Look out there!  You won't survive for one second!"

	"Belle—"

	She frowned.  "You'll be cut off from us in a second!  We can't afford to lose you at a time like this!"  She gulped.  "And after all that your Princess Celestia said..."

	Rainbow Dash clenched her teeth.  Another energy blast struck the ship, forcing everypo