ny in the room to jolt.  Rainbow Dash glanced, panting, at Kera lying in Belle's clutches.  Her ears perked up.  "Maybe I don't have to be cut off at all..."

	Eagle Eye tumbled into the room, clutching to the doorframe to the kitchen.  "Rainbow, I think they're gaining on us and—"  He blinked.  "What's going on?"

	"I'm about to save the day, is what!"  Rainbow darted across the room and shoved Eagle Eye with her towards the stairwell on the other side of the kitchen.  "Come on!  And grab Josho!"

	"Ew.  He'll never let me hear the end of it..."

	"Just move!"



	"I dunno what your treasured ship is made out of!"  Elma clattered through a quivering break.  "But even it can't last this long against the Lounge!"

	"Floydien has a good mind to carve snap snap into a new bidet!"  Floydien grumbled, veering the ship left and right through the pelting wind and rain.  The flashing lightning illuminated the hardened lines in his frowning muzzle.  "Why can't the Lounge make like their name and drink the piss?!"

	"Floydien!  This is Rainbow!  You gotta trust me!  I need you to fly the ship even for a little while!"

	The elk flashed the intercom a horrified look.  "Has the Color Wheel finally lost its paintbrush?!"

	"Hey Rainbow!"  Zaid sputtered, disentangling himself from a thoroughly dizzied Ebon.  "Love hearing your voice!  Why's it sound so sexy and determined all of the sudden?"

	"I'm going to get those jerkensteins off our tail for good!"

	"You are?!"  Ebon murmured as Elma helped him up onto quivering hooves.  "And how?!"

	"The only way!  The best way!"



	Rainbow Dash stood in the ship's hangar, tightening a saddlebag full of heavy, magnetized slabs over her leather coated flank.

	"Stupidity!" she cackled.  Turning back, her gaze followed a tight metal cable wrapped around her body and looping its way towards a steel rig that Josho, Prowse, and Eagle Eye were tightening.  "You done tinkering with that, Professor?"

	"Aye!"  Prowse nodded.  "Yer elk mukker has a braw rig an' aw, but he certainly coods dae wi' a guid few grease monkeys overlookin' his pride an' joy!"

	"Let me worry about the ship!"  Rainbow Dash shouted as the vessel jolted once more.  She pointed.  "Just you make sure that this thing doesn't snap loose while I'm out there!"

	"Leave it to me, daredevil," Josho said as his glowing horn reinforced the cable rig with strong magic.  He finished fastening his and Eagle's fetlocks to the nearby railings while Prowse dug into a nearby bulkhead with a prosthetic of razor-sharp talons.  "I'd go out there with ya, but—face it—without wings, the best I'd be is a wrecking ball."

	"That'll be our second option," Rainbow said with a nod.  "Here's hoping it doesn't come to that."  She turned towards Eagle Eye.  "Wanna start the party, Double-E?"

	The unicorn gulped, then brought a hoof towards an adjacent lever.  "Are you r-really sure you wanna go through with this, Rainbow?"

	"No.  Best to get it over with before I wake up to the insanity."  She looked at the red-bearded stallion.  "Professor, any wise advice before I fly out into the storm?"

	"Yeah!  Try nae tae gie yer nipples bloon aff by lightnin'!"

	"Jee.  Thanks.  Eagle Eye?"

	"Good luck," he said, pulling the lever.  "Don't get killed!"

	"Hah!"  Rainbow smirked and slid goggles over her ruby eyes.  "You forget who you're talking to.  Danger's my middle—"

	FWOOOOOOOOOSH!  A cyclone of blisteringly cold air sucked Rainbow out as soon as the doors opened a sliver.

	"Luna poop!"  Rainbow hollered, legs flailing, as she and the weight of the metal strips went flying out of the ship's stern and into the tempestual flurries.  The cable danced and twirled behind her while the stallions on board clutched to the bulkheads for dear life.

	Eagle Eye winced, his tearing eyes squinting into the maelstrom.  All he saw was lightning... and the dark silhouette of a black orb in deathly pursuit...
		//------------------------------//
		// Don't Try This At Home		//------------------------------/