ame to a standstill—just like everything.

	Squinting, Rainbow Dash retinted her goggles and resumed her task.  It wasn't long before she had cut an entire square with the heated tool.  Once that was complete, she pulled the item back, reached into her opposite saddlebag, and produced what looked like a hollow cylinder lined with metal rods.  This she stood up in the center of the cut block and hammered it with a metal mallet until it was embedded deep into the slab.  A hole resided at the exposed end of the cylinder, and she stuck the golden tip of her heat tool into it.  Flipping another tiny switch, she spun the knob all the way.  The device hummed, its crystal core flashing brightly.

	Holding her breath, Rainbow Dash galloped away—careful not to slip on the aged ice.  Once she was at a twenty foot distance, she shielded her face with her wingfeathers and looked towards the far horizon.

	Wriiiiiiiii—Pow!  The instrument sent a single pullse into the cylinder.  There was a pulse of golden light, and less than two seconds later the sliced block had melted entirely.  A gust of hot steam flew skyward while the instrument and its glowing hot cylinder rattled to a stop in a sudden niche within the surface of the ice.

	Rainbow Dash trotted back over.  She slid on her knees and adjusted her goggles to examine the exposed chunk of ice.  Slimy scales with netrotic veins glistened in the sunlight, exposed for the first time in an unknowable amount of decades.  A fleshy snout coiled tightly, connecting to a bulbous gland of red flesh—like a giant cherry—that glowed with natural luminescence.  One or two jagged teeth from a monster's petrified jaws loomed below, with two-foot-long teeth glistening with slick condensation.

	The pegasus spent no time sight-seeing.  She slid the instrument and pocket away into separate saddlebags and reached into another pocket for her hatchet.  Just as she slid it out with a metallic chiiing, she heard another splash of water echoing her movements.  She froze, gazing up with inquisitive goggles.

	This time, she definitely caught sight of a stream of water rippling past the floating ice slab.  It sped up, slowed down, and then vanished completely.  Five seconds later, a deep pulse of red light rippled out from the depths just beneath the ice slab.

	Rainbow Dash hissed into gritting teeth.  Clutching the hatchet in the crook of her hoof, she stuck her upper body down into the evaporated gap and began slicing and chiseling away at the fleshy probiscus attached to the glowing gland.

	This went on for an agonizing two minutes, during which the waves picked up, forcing the slab to sway left and right dramatically.  The red glow around the ice chunk itensified, strobing in alternate pulses than the dimness emanating from the gland tjat Rainbow was attempting to retrieve.

	Frustrated, Rainbow Dash resorted to biting her teeth onto the hatchet's handle and throwing her head down in jerky motions.  Grunting, she slashed and chopped away at the fleshy material attached to the petrified gland.  The scales split apart.  Ice water mixed with a pool of black blood and jaundice.  At last, she caused the large red thing to snap loose.  Immediately pocketing the hatchet, she reached two hooves down into the gross excavation and yanked loose the fleshy crimson sphere.  It was the size of four watermelons clumped together, and it was a tricky feat for the pegasus to even hold it.  Nevertheless, she gripped it in a pair of strong forelimbs.

	A victorious smile crossed her lips...

	Hressssshaaaa!  A mammoth pair of jaws burst up out of the Frozen Sea, smashing loose a chunk of the frozen slab to Rainbow's left.

	"Gaaaugh!"  She fell back, slamming onto her spine with a flap of her coat's leathery hood.

	The red pulsing gland slipped out of her grasp, careening towards the far end of the slab.

	Panting, Rainbow Dash rolled onto her chest, gripping onto the violently bobbing ice platform for dear life.  Her goggles glinted with red light, and she tilted her head up to see 