/

	"Gaaaaaaaiiieee!"  Rainbow Dash flew out the back of the Noble Jury.  She twirled and toppeled until the metal cable attached around her waist jerked to a stop.  "Hnnngh!"  She grunted, being dragged through the rain-pelting maelstrom in reverse at suicidal speeds.  Through squinting ruby eyes, she saw the black shape of the pursuing Lounge's vessel immediately facing her.

	The vessel bent around a bulbous cluster of dark clouds to stay on its target.  With a mechanical whirr barely heard underneath the perpetual growl of thunder, it swiveled its cannons around and aimed them—glowing hot—straight at the Noble Jury and through Rainbow.

	"Guhhh!"  Rainbow Dash kicked her legs in one direction and flapped her wings in the other.  Her weight shifted dramatically, and her dragged body twirled out of the way of the twin cannon blasts before she could be reduced to ashes.

	The Noble Jury pulled a hard left, bursting through sheets of rain while lightning flashed all around.  Rainbow's body swayed along with it.  Even as she spun on the cable, her eyesight caught her own reflection in the black round hull of the pursuers.

	Rainbow Dash held her breath.  As both ships leveled out, she tilted her wings so that her dangling body would glide towards the enemy.  She brushed past the surface—ultimately swinging hard past it.

	"Nnnnrghhh!"  Rainbow grunted, feeling the weight of the metal strips on her flank rattling with her motion.  "Darn it!  Guhhh!"  She angled her wings once more, gliding sideways until she swept towards the vessel once more.

	Perhaps the Lounge sensed her, or perhaps not.  Either way—as lightning reflected off its glossy surface—the ship spun and whizzed past her, attempting to broadside the Noble Jury.

	Rainbow Dash helplessly gasped.  Squinting through a rain-soaked mane, she watched as the black sphere approached the Jury's starboard side.



	"Not good!" Eagle Eye stammered from inside the ship's hangar.  "They're flying past her!"

	"Just perfect..."  Josho hissed, fighting to keep his telekinetic grip of the cable.

	"Ay!  Elkmeister!"  Prowse shouted into the intercom from where he reinforced the cable rigging with his metal limb.  "They're tryin' tae gie us th' broadside!"



	"Use those fantastical fairy sparks of yours to gain some distance, why don't you?!"

	"Does red beard think Floydien is made of magic and pixie spit?!"  The elk fired several bright beams into the console.

	Ebon braced himself against the cockpit's frame and stammered, "I-I'm sure he only meant to give you a good natured ribbing—"

	"Boomer should have invested in an exoskeleton!"  Floydien shouted and pulled the Jury into a sharp climb.  "Proceed with the butt holding!"

	"Aaaaugh!" Ebon toppeled back into Zaid's body.  "Ooof!"



	Soaring into the howling winds, the Noble Jury ascended suddenly.  The skystone vessel pierced anvil clouds and layers of thunderous mist.  The Lounge darted upwards to match the rapid climb, but it was clear that the Jury had gained more distance.

	Nothing, however, was clear to Rainbow Dash.  She yelped at the sudden change in the ship's course.  Her body swung like a pendulum through the violent rain.  Streaks of lightning darted in her peripheral, and she spat out globules of rain water.

	"Darn it!"  Rainbow Dash coughed and wheezed.  "I told that diet moose to keep us steady or—"  She blinked.

	Her body was currently dangling abreast of the black sphere.

	"Well, that works."  Grunting, she flapped one of her wings and thrusted herself to the side.  Strafing through the deluge, she reached the ship, her hooves making rough contact.  Fumbling, she reached a shivering hoof into her saddlebag and yanked one strip of cobalt out.  She raised the thing high over her head and prepared to slap it down.

	That's when the Jury evened out.  The Lounge did as well, while Rainbow's body jerked up and out of range.

	"Gyaaugh!"  Rainbow gasped as she dropped the precious magnetized metal in her grasp.  "Cruddicon!"  She flailed high a