bove Lounge.  Around that moment, the ship spun its cannons, recharged them, and fired at the Noble Jury.  Rainbow's ship bobbed and weaved, causing her body to sway left and right like an uncontrollable water skiier.  Lightning flashed above, illuminating a tiny pocket of air between her and her target.

	Gnashing her teeth, Rainbow Dash bucked at the air, twirled upside down, and angled her wings so that she dove at the vessel.  The black sphere approached the top of her vision.  When she was within a spit's reach, she twirled again and landed with all four hooves planted against the flying ship's bow.

	Two breathless seconds later, she was pulling another cobalt strip out and slamming it onto the black hull of the vessel.  She gasped—for sparks instantly danced outward from the contact, illuminating the nearby sheets of rain.  Instinctually, she kicked against the hull, putting as much distance between herself and the violent flash of light that the successfully impacted hull was experiencing.

	The Lounge's ship did not veer off course, nor did it experience turbulence of any kind.  However, during the extent of its electrical interference, it did decelerate to a noticeable degree.  Rainbow watched nervously from where she dangled.  Then, after about fifteen agonizing seconds, the sparkling stopped.  The cannon spun around its central axis again and the ship started accelerating once more.

	"Not enough..."  Rainbow flapped her wings, twirled, and descended on the ship from a thunderous angle.

	She saw her approaching reflection in the glossy surface—but then she saw the entire vessel spinning so that its axis aligned with hers.  The cannons spun around, both barrels swinging purposefully towards her like a club.

	"Aw crud—" WHAP!  Yelping in pain, Rainbow flew hard from the blow, flailing wildly into the violent winds far off-track.



	Inside the Jury's hangar, the metal rigging of the cable groaned and cracked on its foundation.

	Eagle Eye gasped, his violet eyes reflecting the columns of steam rising from the apparatus.  "Old stallion!  Keep it steady!  The thing's starting to buckle!"

	"It's no use!"  Josho managed through clenched teeth.  "We gotta get her to come back in!  Or else she's gonna go down like a lead kite!"

	"Hae some bludy faith in th' wee spyug!"  Prowse spat as he spun his body around the metal railing he was fastened to and braced the rigging with his whole body.   "Grrggghhh... she hasnae gotten those jobby eatin' sods aff uir flenk yit!"

	Just then, a loud whistling sound filled the chamber.  Eagle Eye's ears drooped as he felt his mane billowing more and more violently.  "Do... do you feel that?!"

	"Sure as Hell do..."  Sweating, Josho stared nervously out the hangar doors at twirling swaths of angry clouds.  "Uhhh... Space elk?"



	"What's with all the sky indigestion that you're flying us all into?!" Josho's voice crackled over the intercom.

	Floydien, in the meantime, was staring out the cockpit window with a blanching expression.  "Ohhhhhhhh Nancy, when will the next glimmer be our glimmer home...?"

	"Huh?"  Ebon peered over the console then paled.  "Oh sweet salad forks."

	Ahead of the vessel, a ginormous cyclone twirled, spinning counter-clockwise with violently dense clusters of rain and hail.  It was no mere tornado, but an unearthly mile-high behemoth with steel-crushing winds whose howls pierced the water-proof windows framing the cockpit itself.

	"Hey guys..."  Zaid scratched his mane and muttered.  "I spy with my little eye something tall and pony-crushing."

	"Pull a left!" Elma shouted suddenly.

	Ebon looked back at her.  "Are you out of your shell?!"

	"Do it!" Elma exclaimed.  "The only way to escape the Flurries' Cyclones is to anticipate the wind formation and try to shake yourself out of them before you reach the inner core!"

	"Scrkkk!  Wait a second!  Flurries' Cyclones?!  What in the Hell is—?"

	"Time to dance, Nancy!"  Floydien physically yanked left on the vessel's controls.

	Everypony yelped as