 their bodies were dashed towards the right side of the cockpit.



	Inside the Jury's Mess Hall, Belle and Pilate yelped, tumbling across the floor until they lay on the starboard side wall as if it was suddenly the floor.  Belle grabbed Kera and hoisted the limp filly towards her.  Pilate gritted his teeth and trembled while the ship buckled around him.

	Props, in the meantime, clung upside down to a series of pipes inside the engine room, clutching a wrench in her teeth as she shimmied her way to a burst manaconduit and haphazardly repaired it amidst all the chaos.



	Outside the Noble Jury, it was a whole different story.  Rainbow Dash clenched her teeth and covered her rain-soaked muzzle with a criss-crossing pair of forelimbs.  Squinting through her hooves, she saw the Noble Jury hurdling counter-clockwise around a gigantic column of swirling mists and clouds.  The howling noise of the cyclone was deafening, and Rainbow Dash was powerless to do anything but dangle far off to the right side of the Jury's emergency banking maneuver.

	Breathless, Rainbow Dash looked down and behind her.  With a gasp, she spotted the Lounge's ship.  It too was stuck in a perpetual turning motion, skimming the outer rim of the tornadic currents as it desperately pursued the runaway skystone vessel.

	Rainbow Dash's face jerked from the Lounge to the Jury and back to the Lounge again.  She frowned with determination, then angled her wings in opposite directions.  Her body started twirling, and soon that twirl turned into a broader swaying motion as she dangled wildly along the edge of the cable.  Wider and wider, her body swung, until at last she was cruising left and right like an out-of-control pendulum.  Timing her movements, the soaked pegasus grunted and flung her body on the last inward swing.

	Rainbow broke through the wind, plunged, and sailed down towards the Lounge's position.  Lightning flashed, and she judged how fast she was approaching by the bright reflection glinting across the black hull.  It wasn't until a fraction of a second before crossing paths that she realized she wasn't going to make physical contact with the vessel itself.

	Gritting her teeth, Rainbow resorted to an act of desperation.  She spun around, flung her hooves back, and ripped open all the pouches of her saddlebag.  Every remaining piece of cobalt flew out of her satchel and soared into the winds.  However, Rainbow Dash was ready for this, and she growled as her body spun one last time, bucking half a dozen slabs with well-timed kicks.

	The bulk of the slabs were propelled towards the Lounge's ship below.  At least four made their mark, clinging to the black hull with sparks of electricity.  Less than a second later, Rainbow spotted the trademark yellow glow of the ship's engines flickering out.  The entire vessel spun out of control, noticeable only by the rear fins of the craft whirling like loose blades.  Then, powerless before the winds, the Lounge's ship drifted left... left... and plunged into the cyclone.

	Rainbow gasped, watching as the black sphere became one with the tornadic monstrosity.  For a second there, it looked as though the dark craft had disappeared entirely.  Then—with a nightmarish howl of sliced air—the ship was ejected violently from the heart of the cyclone.  It whizzed past Rainbow Dash—sparkling—and disappeared deep into the depths of the thunderous Flurries below.



	Eagle Eye beamed from ear to ear.  "She did it!"  He looked ecstatically at the others.  "She got them off our tail!"

	"Lollipops!"  Josho grumbled, tugging at the cable with his telekinesis.  "Let's reel her in!"

	"Careful..."  Eagle Eye winced as he too pulled at the metal cord with violet energy.  "Careful..."

	"She's bankin' tay stoaner towards th' cyclain!"  Prowse shouted, his voice vibrating from the jolts to the metal rig.  "We've got tae move uir asses awa' frae th' waterspit!"

	"Ya hear that, Floyd?!" Josho shouted.



	"The dance is over!  Time to go home!"

	"He compacts it into such little 