spit," Floydien droned as he punished the controls, attempting to break away from the tornado's outer circumference.

	"You can do it, Floydien!" Ebon Mane stammered.  "Just easy does it—"

	"Can it, sailboat!"  Floydien sweated and strained.  "Nancy... doesn't... want to budge!"

	"It's too late!" Elma exclaimed shakily.  "We're caught in the vortex!"

	"Then how do we get out of 'the vortex?!'" Ebon remarked.

	"Well..."  Elma fidgeted in her shell.  "I've done it a few times myself, but usually in ships smaller than this."

	"Out with it already!" Floydien hissed.

	"If we pull a hard left, accelerate, and puncture the eye of the cyclone—"

	"Ew!"  Zaid grimaced.  "On a scale of one to ten, that's Ew eleven!  Maximum Ew!"

	"This ship's sturdy!"  Elma said.  "It'll be bumpy!  But we'll make it!"

	"But what of Rainbow?!  She's like a flying squirrel on a leash right now!" Zaid exclaimed.  "And letting the winds rip her into a thousand sexy pieces isn't going to make up for the one sexy piece she already is now!"

	"Can Nancy survive the twirl-twirl at this rate?!"  Floydien sputtered.

	The turtle winced.  "No.  Most likely not..."

	"Then there's only one way to finish this..."

	"Ahhhhhhhhhh poo."  Zaid grimaced.

	Ebon was practically sprawled up against the intercom.  "Guys!  This is super important!"



	"You gotta haul Rainbow Dash in and close the doors and you gotta do it now!"

	"What..."  Josho strained and sweated, "Do you idiots... th-think we're friggin' doing...?"

	"Just hold on, Rainbow Dash!"  Eagle Eye shouted, his eyes locked on the distant blue shape twirling on the far end of the cable they were dragging through the open hangar doors.  "You're gonna make it through this!  Just you wait and—"

	"Uhm... dornt swatch noo, mates..."  Prowse nervously glanced aside and pointed a flesh hoof at the buckling metal rig.  "But... uh..."

	"Oh for the love of tits!"  Josho growled, his horn glowing brighter.

	"Rainbow Dash!"  Eagle Eye suddenly hollered.  "You gotta fly!  Flap your wings toward us or something!  Anything!  It's gonna blow!"

	Prowse flew muzzle-deep into the contraption, clenching a wrench between his teeth that he used to tighten the loosening bolts as hard as he could.  When that didn't work, he transformed his metal prosthetic into a bunch of talons and tried reinforcing the plate attaching the metal rigging to the hangar floor.

	Meanwhile, the cable being slowly retracted into the apparatus started wobbling and groaning at an alarming rate.  Tiny, dangerous fractures formed all along its taut surface.  And Rainbow...



	...was struggling to pull herself towards the Noble Jury, yanking at the tight cable with one forelimb stretched out before the other.  She gritted her teeth and hissed into the howling winds.  Lightning flashed uncomfortably close, highlighting the frothy outer surfaces of the mammoth cyclone to her left.

	A piece of the hangar's floor shattered and flew loose.  Rainbow faintly heard Eagle's yelping voice, but she was already yanking her head to the side.  With miraculous luck, she dodged the flying shrapnel of debris, blinking at it as it disappeared into the tempestuous chaos.

	For a brief moment, time slowed, and all Rainbow could hear was the throb of her own heartbeat against her ears.

	"Axan..."  She muttered.  "You friggin' pretentious flying crocodile.  Now would be a good time, ya think?"

	Nothing happened.  The howling and the chaos picked up.

	"Hrmmmf..."  Rainbow Dash pulled at the cable some more.  "I see how it is."  From the pit of her being, the tiniest of devilish smirks crossed her rain-soaked face.  "To be honest, I kind of prefer it this way."

	Crkkkkk!

	The cable gave some slack.  Rainbow's body jerked while it was just a few naked feet from the open doors of the Jury's hangar.

	Eagle Eye shouted something, then so did Prowse.  The metal rig shook, jostled, and cracked straight down the center.

	Rainbow Dash's forelimbs were already flurrying around her waist.  Wi