th panicked precision, she unraveled the cable from her body and flapped her wings.

	Crackkkk!  The rigging broke loose, along with the dangling cable.  The metal mess flew straight past Rainbow Dash with flesh-slicing force.

	Rainbow twirled like a figure-skater through it all, spread her wings, and flapped one last time, propelling herself like a blue bullet towards the rear doors of the Jury.  Her hooves stretched out as she squeaked into her clenched teeth.

	And she missed the doors by about two feet.

	Rainbow's pupils shrank.  Her body plunged back into the Flurries.



	"Gotcha!" Josho shouted, dangling at the end of his attached cable.

	Rainbow Dash jerked in place, caught in the unicorn's levitation field.

	Eagle Eye braced himself against the old stallion's flank as he added his magic to Josho's.  Together, the ex-soldiers slowly, slowly pulled Rainbow Dash in through the open doors of the ship.

	Prowse was ready, his metal hoof clinging to the lever along the wall.  Once Rainbow Dash was far enough inside, he gave the instrument a jerk, and the doors slammed shut.  Everypony slumped hard to the floor as soon as the air pressure normalized.

	Wheezing, Josho rolled Rainbow Dash off of him and sputtered towards the intercom.  "She's in!  She's in!  Do it!"



	Floydien immediately yanked the controls right and then left.  "Beloved's going to hate Floydien in the morning!"

	"Oh boy!"  Zaid hugged Ebon tight.  "Hurl time!  Cleanup on the other side!"

	"Gaaaaah!"

	Elma cover her eyes while the Noble Jury violently twirled...



	...and plunged left, flying ninety degrees towards the heart of the cyclone.  Lighting erupted around it, illuminating the suicidal path it was inevitably taking.  The moisture along the outer rim of the tornado was so dense that it reflected the red glowing skystone of the approaching vessel.  A high pitched whine filled the air...



	...that was audible even inside the mess hall where Bellesmith, Pilate, and Kera sat.  The mare sat up, her chestnut eyes staring widely out the portholes as the surface of the cyclone approached frightening close.

	She wrapped her arms tightly around Kera.  As the whining reached a fever pitch, she glanced aside and mewled to the cacophonous air.

	"Pilate...?!"

	The Noble Jury struck, and bodies flew.
	
		//------------------------------//
		// The Eye of the Storm		//------------------------------//

	"Nnnngh..."

	"Oh!  Are you feeling alright?  Are you experiencing any pain?"

	"It's... hard to say, Miss Bellesmith.  It's certainly... unique, is all."

	"The runic plate is necessary in order to transfer information between the manasphere and your cerebral cortex.  Aside from actually... uhm... drilling into your skull... eheh... this is the best means we have to create a junction.  As you can imagine, it can't not be a tight fit..."

	"And you're certain that this... this... uh... Optical and Sensory... erm..."

	"Just call it 'O.A.S.I.S.' for short.  Heehee... and to be honest, Mr. Pilate, no, we don't know if it will work.  For the moment, all I'm making sure of is that it will not bring you or your nervous system any harm.  If it integrates—good.  We'll work from there.  For the time being, take it easy, and we'll see next about giving you back some of your sight."

	"I won't be able to see perfectly, then?"

	"I'm afraid not, Mr. Pilate.  At best, this will allow you to read, scan nearby objects, and commit structural things to memory.  It won't replace your eyes, but I think you'll find it a means of continuing your intellectual pursuits."

	"Well, I certainly can't complain about that.  Did you try this device out yourself?"

	"I... I did when I first invented the prototype, yes.  But... I-I'm afraid to say that I'm not entirely a fitting or compatible subject."

	"Why is that?"

	"It's... complicated.  But I'm glad to have this opportunity with you, now.  After hearing what you did on board Ledo's Pride, I think you more than deserve a chance to regain at least a port