ion of your senses again."

	"Is that why you're doing this, then?"

	"Hmmm?"

	"Is this your attempt to reward me for heroism?"

	"Nopony can properly reward you for what you've done, Mr. Pilate.  Over a hundred ponies are alive now thanks to you.  No, I see this as... as..."

	"Yes...?"

	"A gift, Mr. Pilate.  It's a gift from me to you.  And if it works, then I'll feel like I've done something good... just like you've done something immeasurably wonderful for this world."

	"I... I don't know what to say, Miss Bellesmith."

	"Please.  Heehee.  Just call me—"



	"Belle..."

	Pilate raised a trembling hoof.  He gulped.

	"Belle... where... wh-where...?"

	"Shhhh... Easy does it, Pilate," Eagle Eye said from where he squatted low, cradling the zebra's head.  He gave the stallion's cheek a loving pat and said, "Your beloved's fine.  So is Kera.  A few bumps and bruises, but nothing to be scared of."

	"Then..."  Pilate winced, struggling to sit up.  "What happened?  Did we—?"

	The mess hall shook—as did the rest of the ship.  Wincing, Eagle Eye held Pilate tight while he glanced up at the rain-swept portholes.  "We're still in the Flurries.  We made it past that one nasty wasterspout, but... but..."

	Pilate's clear eyes quivered.  "But what...?"

	With a flap of her wings, Rainbow glided down the mess hall.  "This is wrong..."  She gritted her teeth while her mane still dribbled with rain water.  "Something's not right.  You feel that?"

	Josho looked up from where he knelt beside Bellesmith and Kera.  "How come we haven't done much shaking and jostling?"

	"Th-that's a good thing, right?!" Eagle Eye glanced up.  "We've got the Lounge off our tail and we're out of reach of that cyclone!"

	Rainbow gazed out the window.  She saw swirling mists jetting past the Noble Jury on either side.  "But we're not through the storm."  She gulped.  "If you ask me, it's almost like we're being threaded through a particularly nasty needle-eye."

	"With each passing week, I don't know what gets more colorful," Josho spat.  "Your mane or your analogies."

	"Stay here."  Rainbow Dash darted down the hallway, leaving a trail of rainwater behind her.  "I'm checking on the cockpit!"

	"Rainbow, slow down!"  Eagle Eye squeaked.  "You just went water-skiing through a hurricane!  Don't wear yourself out!"  His voice echoed against the bulkheads.  Frowning, he muttered, "If you stripped her of awesome, all you'd have is 'stubborn.'"

	Belle nodded, holding Kera close.  "You've no idea..."



	Rainbow Dash crawled up the last few rungs of the vertical crawlspace and entered the crowded cockpit.  "Floydien?  Elma?  Can any of you guys tell me just where in the hay we are?!"

	"Grrrrnngh!"  Floydien replied with a teeth-gnashing grunt, his cloven hooves clutching tight to the controls of the ship.  "It's like farting down a glimmer canal!  Each direction I budge ends with shake shake!"

	"It's been like this for the past ten minutes," Ebon Mane spoke up, sweating nervously.  "As soon as we broke through the tornado, this... path formed..."

	Rainbow Dash did a double-take.  "Path?!"

	"I've never seen anything like it!"  Elma exclaimed.  "It's like a tiny jetstream of air, blowing in one singular direction!"

	"Well, screw the air!"  Rainbow Dash frowned.  "Slow down and try and bank out of it!"

	"If it suits the Color Wheel!"  Floydien pulled sideways on the controls.

	"Ah jeez, Floydien!"  Ebon flailed.  "Not again—"

	The ship instantly rattled as if it was running aground.  Zaid and Ebon bumped into each other yet again while Rainbow had to catch Elma to keep her from falling down the vertical passage.

	"Never mind!  Ease off!"  Rainbow spat.  "Ease off!"

	Floydien evened the Noble Jury yet again.  "Floydien tried to tell her!"

	"Scrkkkk!  Handsome!  What's with the rattle in the saddle?!"

	"We're caught in some sort of wind current!"  Elma spoke above the crowd, her reptilian eyes reflecting the jets of rain on both the starboard and port side of the coc