kpit's windshield.  "Judging from the movement of the precipitation, I'd say we were being shoved forward!"

	"You mean Nancy's become a kite?!"

	"Let's test that."  Rainbow Dash looked at the elk.  "Floydien?"

	"What shimmering idea does the boomer have now?"

	"Think you can cut the engines?"

	"Nnnngh... Nancy needs a vacation."  Floydien spoke to the intercom.  "Blonde boomer!  You heard the feather feathers!"

	"Okies.  Here we goesies."  There was a gulping sound, then the noise of steam pipes hissing.

	The ship jostled once, but continued gliding forward.

	Rainbow Dash squinted out the windshield.  "...Props, did you cut the engines yet?"

	"I sure did, Dashie!  Just thirty seconds ago!"

	"But we're still moving forward," Ebon muttered.

	"How is this possible...?!"  Elma gazed up at Rainbow with a gaping beak.  "No wind current has maintained itself so cohesively and so powerful for this long!"

	"You sure about that?"

	"Look at it!"  Elma pointed out with a scaled foot.  "We're in a virtual tunnel, heading in one direction!"

	"You sure you can't slow us down any, Mr. Floydien?" Ebon asked.

	"Even with sails, Nancy is out of control!"  The elk sneered, "Floydien doesn't like it one bit.  No no no."

	"It's almost as if it wants us to go in one direction," Zaid said.

	Everypony looked at him.

	"What do you mean...?"  Rainbow squinted.  "'It?'"

	The ex-cultist shrugged.  "I dunno.  But you gotta admit it's pretty dang eerie."

	"Could the Lounge be behind this?"  Ebon remarked.  "Some sort of... mana-induced weather control?"

	"No friggin' way," Rainbow Dash muttered, gazing nervously out the windshield.  "I just schooled those guys royally.  I'm sure they're still in one piece somewhere, but they're definitely out for the count."

	"Maybe there are more of the dudes in their big black balls?" Zaid said.

	"Do you see any flickers of yellow skystone?" Props' voice asked.

	The ponies took a few seconds to look.

	"Nope, just normal scary-as-heck lightning," Rainbow droned.

	"Then I can't imagine what else would empower the Lounge to control a part of the Flurries!"

	"We gotta find some way out of here," Ebon said.  "What if pulled a sharp left or right and pierced through just like with the cyclone?"

	"Is sailboat boomer a goldfish?!"  Floydien said, "Nancy tried that minutes ago!  Floydien is not about to tear beloved to scrap scrap!"

	"Maybe if... uh... uh..."  Rainbow Dash bonked her wet head several times, desperately trying to think.  "Maybe if I got outside, stood myself on the bow, and spread my wings to break the airstream?"

	"You really wanna die fabulously today, don't you?" Zaid said with a squint.

	"Didn't you tell us earlier that your pegasus limbs can't manipulate this weather for some reason?" Elma said.

	Rainbow's ears drooped.  "Darn it, you're right.  Just what is this place?"

	"Uhhhhh... bestie friendsies?"  Props' voice crackled over the intercom.  "Why are we accelerating?!"

	Ebon's face scrunched.  "We're accelerating?"

	"We totally are!"

	"Impossible!"  Floydien frowned.  "Floydien didn't tell Nancy Jane to speed up!"  He glanced down at the controls and did a double-take.  "Nancy!  Why do you speed up?!"

	The ship started shaking—gently at first—then building up to a turbulent rattle.

	"Uhhhhh..."  Ebon squirmed, shuffling backwards as hard sheets of rain pelted the windshield harder and harder.  "Guys?  I don't like this..."

	"What's going on?!" Rainbow exclaimed.

	"The wind walls are closing in!" Elma Boreal gasped.  "It's like we're being funneled somewhere!"

	"Oh great," Zaid muttered.  "A sky toilet—Whoadayum!"  He suddenly fell back.

	So did every other pony, for the Noble Jury was taking an inexplicable nose dive.  Air howled through the seams of the bulkheads as the vessel approached incomprehensible velocities.  Floydien tried grabbing his controls, but the sticks jerked and swayed away from him.  Cursing under his breath, he tried zapping all manner of energy bolts