 into his console, but the ship refused to obey him.

	"The steam pipes are doing a fireworks display down here!" Props stammered through the flickering intercom.  "Unky Prowsie and I can barely hold them together!"

	"What's going on?!  What's going on?!" Ebon mewled.

	"Just don't panic!"  Rainbow shouted above the rattling metal plates all around them.  "There's gotta be a reasonable explanation for—"

	The Noble Jury pulled up, evening out and veering slightly to starboard.  As Rainbow Dash clamored for a hoof-hold inside the careening cockpit, she caught a swift glance of the outside world.  Through the gray haze of the Flurries, she spotted a dark shape looming directly ahead.

	A deep gasp escaped the pegasus' throat.

	Before long, the dark shape spread, becoming several—like gigantic bodies looming in the mists.

	"What..."  Elma sputtered, her head cowardly peering from just beneath the lid of her shell.  "What is that...?!"

	Something flew past the port side at murderous speed.  Rainbow's head swiveled to see it, but all she managed to spot was a hazy streak.  Something else flew past the starboard side, but she was too slow to spot it.  More shapes loomed.  She looked ahead, spotting dark splotches like islands floating amidst the Flurries.

	"Are they ships?!" Ebon breathlessly murmured.  "The Lounge?"

	"No..."  Rainbow shook her head.  "Too large!  If I didn't know better—"

	"Pressure's increasing!  What in the soot is going on out there, you guys?!"

	"Don't look now!"  Zaid exclaimed, pointing ahead with a wickedly bright eyes.  "But I think we're about to hit a wall!"

	Gasps filled the cockpit... until the "wall" turned out to be simply a thick sheet of rain.  Nevertheless, everypony braced themselves as the Noble Jury shot on through.  And just like that, all of the turbulence and rattling ended.  It was quiet enough to hear a pindrop.  A coat of rainwater rolled over the windshield, and when it cleared—Rainbow Dash saw buildings, monoliths, temples, courtyards, marble plateaus—all floating like gray balloons in a drizzling pocket of air.

	Rainbow Dash's jaw fell agape.  Her eyes blinked, and in that blink she imagined sunny skies and a green Equestrian landscape below.  When her eyelids reopened, she saw a massive building soaring past their starboard side.  She squinted, making out ribbed marble columns and tattered banners.  A sculpted figure dribbled with moisture, bearing a long snout, hooves, and a spread pair of wings.

	And then Rainbow felt her pendant rising up against her chin.  Not only that, but her rain-soaked mane was flouncing towards the ceiling.

	"We're falling!" Elma shouted.

	With a grunt, Floydien finally re-gripped the controls.  He yanked back hard, wheezing into the intercom.  "Blonde boomer!  The engines—"

	"Unky Prowsie!  Hit it!  Hit it—Scrkkk!"  Props' voice was cut off by the incessant hiss of steam.

	"Even us out!" Zaid shouted.  "Even us out!"

	"What does boomer think Floydien is trying—?!"

	"Look out!" Ebon squeaked, for a giant marble temple loomed ahead.

	Rainbow gasped, then pointed.  "Aim for the center!  There'll be a large open space!  The Jury should be able to fit through!"

	"How... d-does Color Wheel know—?!"

	"Trust me!  Glide us there!"

	Elma hid her head in her shell while Ebon buried his face in his hooves.

	Rainbow Dash braced herself against the cockpit's ceiling, watching with wide eyes as the dark structure loomed frighteningly close...



	Rain pelted and charred in several places from the Lounge's energy blasts, the Noble Jury plummeted towards the large floating temple.  Sure enough, in between two sets of four marble columns, a large gap loomed.  The Noble Jury fit easily through it.  The rest of the trip, however, was far less graceful.  The vessel's upper skystone made contact first, spitting sparks and tiny chunks of red crystal in every direction.  The ship jolted downwards, and the bottom hull of the gondola struck the marble floor.

	The air filled with t