he ear-splitting cacophony of scraping metal.  The Noble Jury gradually lost its momentum, careening towards its left side as it slid violently across the hollow temple and careened towards the open space on the other side.  For a full thirty seconds, it scraped along, leaving a frictious trail of shrapnel and crumbled mearble bits in its wake.  At last, well before it could emerge on the other side, the vessel finally came to rest against a pair of marble columns.

	There, the crashed ship lay still, stuck in a forty-five degree lean.  Its skystone shards flickered and died while every light on board the vessel shorted out.  Everything was dormant, with the Jury's windshield and portholes reflecting lightning from afar.



	Slowly, one by one, the ponies inside the cockpit stood up.  Zaid helped Ebon to his hooves while Rainbow Dash knocked politely on Elma's shell.  Miss Boreal stuck her head out while Floydien shook the cobwebs in his antler'd head.

	"Everypony in one piece?" Ebon asked.

	"I could do with a few less gray hairs, but otherwise I'm peachy keen," Zaid murmured, staring out the cockpit at the marble pillars looming on either side of them.  "Yeesh.  Who parked a vomitorium in the middle of birdspace?"

	"Nancy Jane, Floydien loves you..."  The elk muttered, rubbing his muzzle.  "And one of these days, Floydien swears, he's going to buy you some airbags..."

	Josho climbed up, sticking his fat head out of the crooked crawlspace below.  "What in the Hell is going on here?!  Did we make it to the Continent on the other side?  Is this Alafreo?!"

	Rainbow Dash shook her head.  "Far from it..."

	Josho squinted up at her.  "What, you expect me to believe an island just appeared in midair?"

	Rainbow bit her lip.

	"Scrkkk!  Guys?  At least tell me one thing.  Did we head south all of the sudden?"

	Ebon tilted his head towards the console.  "Why's that, Propsy?"

	"Cuz it's really, really warm out there!  The instruments are telling me that we're no longer in the arctic!  But how's that possible?"

	"The temperature..."  Elma thought aloud.  "Whatever that pocket of air is outside, it's... somehow self-regulated?"

	Rainbow Dash gulped.  "Somepony's regulating it, alright."

	"Huh?"

	"I'm going out there."

	"What?!"

	Rainbow Dash was already scurrying down the crawlspace.  "I have to find out something!  Keep watch on the ship!"



	Eagle Eye was just finishing with helping Pilate and his beloved to their hooves when he heard Rainbow Dash's flapping wings.  He spun around, squinting across the gray spotlights that the portholes made through the dark interior.

	"Rainbow...?"

	"Stay here with Belle and Pilate, Double-E."  Rainbow Dash stripped of her rain-soaked leather coat and trotted briskly towards the kitchen.  "I'm going outside to investigate."

	"Investigate what?!  Rainbow, what's going on?!"

	"I said stay inside!  I mean it!"  Rainbow flew on by herself.

	"Beloved... I'm so confused..."  Pilate muttered.  "Where are we?"

	Belle could only stare out the window leaning above them at an angle.  She saw marble, gusts of rainy wind, and more marble.



	With a loud mechanical whir, the hangar doors to the Noble Jury slowly opened.  There was no gust of air pulling Rainbow out.  Instead, everything felt very calm, moist, and humid.  She stepped outside on gently padding hooves.

	Standing upon the crooked plank to the hangar, she paused, glancing left and right.

	The temple interior stretched before her, flanked by marble columns—beyond which nightmarishly chaotic gales of wind blew in every which direction.

	Biting her lip, Rainbow Dash hopped out.  Her hooves clapped as they made contact with the floor—a thing that startled her.

	"That's... that's real marble..."  She furrowed her brow as she shuffled forward.  "Then... h-how in Celestia's name is it staying up?"

	Nevertheless, she pressed forward, trotting away from the Noble Jury as she approached the nearest edge of the temple.  As she came upon the precipice of the plat