form, she squinted, for a curtain of veiled sunlight bathed her through the gray malaise.

	She looked straight up.

	Dozens if not hundreds of identical structures loomed—many of them marble temples, some of them granite effigies of ponies... ponies with wings.  She was too busy taking in the sights of floating domes and levitating obelisks to gasp at any single one detail.

	Lightning flashed, and the resulting thunder echoed quadruply off the multiple, floating structures.

	Breathless, Rainbow Dash leaned forward, tilting her head to look below.  Through randomly jetting curtains of rain, Rainbow Dash saw more and more granite edifices.  A virtual city loomed within the pocket of cyclonic winds, trapping the structures there... and the Noble Jury as well.

	Shuddering, she leaned back, until she became aware of a structure looming directly above her.  She turned around and glanced up.  Her wings spread in surprise.

	A sculpture of a mare was positioned at the peak of an arch.  Her dark gray features were slick with perpetual rainwater, all dribbling off her muzzle, helmet, and trademark scowl.

	"Commander... Hurricane...?"  Rainbow Dash sputtered.  She blinked, glanced out at the rain and lightning, and blinked again.  A gasp escaped her lips, and she stumbled numbly back into the temple, taking a crooked path back to the Noble Jury.

	There, she spotted several Jurists standing along the leaning entrance to the hangar.  Among the crowd was a pale, red-bearded stallion, and he was jumping for joy.

	"Och mah stars an' garters! it's real! it's real an' it's haur!"  Grinning from ear to ear, Prowse hoisted Props up and spun around with her in his metallic grip.  "Ah kent it! Ah kent eh'd fin' it!"

	"Eeep!  F-find what, Unky Prowsy?!"

	"Whit else dae ye hink, lassie?!"  He dropped her and shouted victoriously into the echoing marble chamber.  "The Secret Lost Civilization of Zadubadabu!  Haa haa haa!"  He did a prancing jig, then leaned down to leer at a certain snapping turtle.  "An' ye thooght it was aw a wild goose chase, Tankette!  Weel, mince 'at in yer lettuce hole an' reek it! Professur Prowse has dain it! Noo an' forever!  Hahaaaa!"

	Rainbow Dash could only blanch.  She plopped down on her flank and ran a hoof through her sopping wet mane.

	Eagle Eye trotted forward to the hangar's edge.  Gazing at the rain-slick temple, he gulped and rested a hoof on Ebon's shoulder to his side.  Ebon tilted his head down and gazed earnestly at the pegasus.  "Rainbow, I... I-I don't get it!  What kind of a place is this?"

	Rainbow swallowed hard and looked back up at them.  "Mythological."
		//------------------------------//
		// It's Just a Myth, Right?		//------------------------------//

	"I don't get it, Unky Prowsy!"  Props remarked, tilting her goggles up over a scrunched face.  "If this is the Legendary Lost City of Zadubadabu, then where are the streets of silver and abundant manacrystal trees?!"

	"Ach, but thes is jist a piece ay it, lassie!"  The red-bearded stallion smirked at her from where the two stood before the open hangar of the Jury.  "Ye saw aw ay th' bloomin' buildings hoverin' it thaur! Fur aw we ken, thaur ur blocks upon blocks nae worn doon by th' elements! Aam tellin' ye, we're sittin' oan a bludy gauld mine!"

	"We're sitting on a floating death trap, is what we're on!" Ebon exclaimed.  "Just what the hay are these buildings flying by?!"

	"There are many things older than written science," Pilate said from the shelter of the hangar above the rest.  "Who's to know what some ancient civilization could have used to make this place possible."

	"Yes, but floating buildings?!" Ebon sputtered.

	"Gray Smoke's a bunch of floating buildings," Zaid said.  "Were you this whiney about it when you lived there with Blondie?"

	"I... it... n-no!"  Ebon frowned.  "But Gray Smoke was different!  They utilized mana crystals and steam!  What's this place got?!"

	"Pure magic, aam tellin' ye!"  Prowse hopped around with a victorious clatter of his metal limb.  "An' ben