the elongated snout of an Ice Wyrm looming directly above, its nose fitted with a long cartiligenous cord, at the end of which dangled a naturally glowing lantern.  Fluids inside the bulbous sphere rotated until it faced Rainbow's sprawled figure.  Otherwise blind, the sea monster let loose a hideous roar and plunged its neck and jaws towards her.

	Squeaking, Rainbow Dash flapped her wings and slid forward on her chest like a penguin.  The monster's jaws came down behind her, forcibly smashing the slab in half and tilting her end of it down.  She grabbed her hatchet and slammed it into the ice, anchoring herself in place as her body suddenly dangled over the lurching jaws of the beast beneath her.

	Something with a dull glow was sliding towards her face.  Breathless, she looked up, and her goggles' lenses reflected the gland rushing back towards her across the snowy, upended surface of the slab.  In a single grunt, she bit her teeth over the hatchet's handle, bucked off the slab with her lower legs, backflipped, and flapped her wings.  She flew tup owards the gland, grabbed it in two forelimbs, and flapped her wings again—faster this time.

	Hresssssh! The monster lunged again, its teeth undulating outward in three rows surrounding a gummy maw.

	"Nnngh!"  Rainbow Dash spun around with the fleshy sphere in her grasp.  As the dead monster's twin lunged at her, she hovered in place, waited, and spun around with the hatchet gripped in her teeth.  With daredevilish timing, she was able to lacerate the monster's glowing lantern just as it swung at her.

	Black blood spilled through the snowy air.  The monster let loose a shriek, reared back, and cannonballed back into the icy currents.  It thrashed painfully about in the depths, its two-pronged tail sending sprays of ice water flying hundreds of feet into the air.

	Meanwhile, Rainbow Dash flew safely away.  Adjusting her grip of the gland, she spat the hatchet out and spun so that it landed safely in one of her coat's pockets.

	"Sorry, sister," she muttered over her shoulder as her fuzzy ears twitched from the wyrm's painful shrieks.  "This early bird's not interested in you."  Blue feathers spread, she climbed altitude and soared towards a gray speck along the southwest horizon, hovering alone above the endless cold waves.



	"Hey, grease monkette," Josho grumbled from where he sat on the corner of the Noble Jury's top deck, polishing a mana rifle.  "I've got news for you.  It's warmer outside than it is inside."

	"Like I told everypony two days ago—I'm working on it, Fatty Cathy!"  Props stuck her tongue out as she trudged from the stern's stairwell towards the cockpit on the other side.  "Besides, we all know we're waiting for Rainbow Dash to deliver the—whoahwhoahwhoah!"  She slid across the deck, only to be caught in Zaid's warm embrace.  She looked up, tilted her lopsided goggles out from across her eyes, and murmured, "Hiya, cheese grater."

	"Hi yourself, blondie," Zaid returned with a smirk.  He was clad in a woolie cloat and an even woolier hood.  "Is Mount Rushmoron here giving you a hard time?" he asked, nodding his head in Josho's direction.

	"We were supposed to have the heat back on by now," Josho droned, his lips curling as he pretended to be concentrated on the rifle in his grasp.  "As much as I've gotten used to our burgundy chef's soggy noddle hay soup, I'd rather heat myself up with something that doesn't give me the runs."

	"Ever thought of sitting on a rod of hot coals and melting all that greased fat out your ears?"  Zaid smirked.  "Now there's a way to keep warm."

	"Hardy har har.  You know, for a cultist, your humor ain't that heavenly."

	"The only paradise around here is standing upwind around you."  Zaid winked.  "How about giving blondie some slack?  She's only doing everything but walking outside the ship and pushing."

	"I swear..."  Josho grumbled as he trotted off with his gun.  "If I have to light a bonfire just to take a piss..."

	"Grrrr..."  Props pouted with red cheeks as she brushed past Z