eath it aw, a glitterin' pot ay knowledge an' information! Ye eatin' yer words yit, tankette?! Coz th' fat quine has officially sung!  Wooo!"

	"Everypony just chillax!"  Rainbow Dash grumbled.  "This place is just a pegasus city.  Nothing more."

	"Rainbow..."  Belle looked on from the hangar where she sat beside Pilate.  "Are you seriously comparing this place to Cloudsdale and Las Pegasus?"

	Rainbow Dash looked at her.  She then turned and glanced the other way, eyeing where Josho's and Eagle Eye's hooves effortlessly trotted over the granite, rain-slick surface of the temple.  Taking a breath, she said, "Okay, so it's different from any other pegasus city I've seen, or even heard about, but it's totally got my kind blood written all over it.  I'd know it like the back of my hoof."

	"Heh..."  Zaid smirked.  "You say that as if you were born in such a place."

	Rainbow Dash sighed out her nostrils.

	Zaid blinked.  "Oh.  No wonder you act like you're high all the time."  Whap!  "Ouch!  Dangit!"

	Josho lowered his hoof and glanced at the others.  "As much as I'd love to sit, mingle, and do the whole tourist thing..."  He turned and pointed at the body of the Noble Jury leaning at a forty-five degree angle against a series of columns.  "The ship barely made it here in one piece, and we've got a friggin' typhoon making love to the atmosphere directly outside.  Can we start a vote over how soon we can get the Hell out of Dodge?  Because I'd like to officially shove my name so far down the hat that it'll poop out dead rabbits."

	"I think it's no big secret that I'm not a fan of this place."  Ebon gulped and raised his hoof.  "Can we please... please find a way off it?"

	"I share your sentiment," Elma Boreal said with a nervous nod.  "But I don't see how we can."

	"Why not?" Eagle Eye asked.

	"The Flurries brought us here," the turtle explained.  "Well, more like viciously dragged us here.  If you were to ask me, I'd say that something about this place has... erm... m-mechanized the weather to bring us to where we are now."

	"Mechanized it?!"  Ebon stammered.

	"She means that this place was built to draw us here in the way it did," Pilate remarked.  "And it stands to reason that if we tried to leave, we'd only be drawn back just as harshly if not more so."

	"It could destroy the Noble Jury," Eagle Eye said.  "Even from here, I can see it."  He gulped.  "It's like a solid shell of dense winds is perpetually spinning around this place.  Flying into that could rip us to shreds."

	Props glanced nervously towards the ship.  "Handsome isn't all that happy to be stuck here as is.  I doubt he'd want to risk Nancy any more."

	Josho shrugged wildly.  "Then how in the Hell do we get out of here?"

	"Ach, come off it!"  Prowse pouted.  "We jist got haur! We cannae pass aff thes opportunity tae explair!"

	"You can explore your anus!"  Josho spat.  "I don't care how many explosions you can make with that boomstick crutch of yours!  This place ain't for us!  We need to hop off this cyclonic turd and make for the continent east of here like originally planned!"

	"Bollocks to your plan!   Ah sit it tae fin' Zadubadabu frae th' get-go!"

	"Fine!  Go ahead and merry it!  I'm sure you'll have a bunch of handsome, red-furry, marble poop children together!"

	"Guys!  Please!"  Eagle Eye raised his trembling hooves.  "Let's not fight about this!"  He turned towards Props' uncle.  "Mister Prowse—"

	"Professor!"

	Eagle's lavender ears folded.  "Pr-Professor."  He cleared his throat.  "I know how much this place means to you.  But you gotta understand, the rest of us have been through a lot of straits as bad as this if not worse.  And what we've learned is that it's not conducive to a healthy, long life to stick around one of these kinds of messes for very long!"

	"Ach, yoo're jist a namby pampy sodder!"

	"Well, maybe I am."  Eagle Eye frowned.  "But I care for these ponies, and if they all want to leave this place, then I am with them.  There's more to life than pilfering from los