t cities in the sky.  You have any doubt of that, then ask our niece!"

	"Dornt brin' 'er intae thes ye bapit coward!"

	"Unky Prowsy..."  Props rested a gentle hoof on the stallion's shoulder.  "He's right.  I-I'm glad that you found this place, but this isn't exactly the snazziest situation, ya know?"  She smiled crookedly.  "I barely got the Jury working in time for us to make it here.  Our resources are limited.  What's more, we've got those nasty-wasties on our tail!"

	Elma's beak rattled.  "Good heavens, you think the Lounge are still out there?"

	"Goddess willing, we've scared them into adopting a better name!" Zaid said with a smirk.

	"Unnnghhhh..."  Prowse groaned into a metallic palm.  "Ye aye ken th' way tae make yer auld uncle crumble, Propsicle."  He reached out and patted her shoulder.  "Eh'd gie everythin' tae hae thes city under mah hooves—everythin' but ye. If stayin' haur means tearin' ye apart, 'en i'll flin' aw th' dreams in th' naf bin."

	She smiled at him with rosy cheeks.  "No need to give up all hope, Unky Prowsy.  At least you know the place exists, right?  There's always a way to make an excursion back!"

	"Perhaps, lassie.  Perhaps..."

	"One thing at a friggin' time..."  Josho paced through the group.  "How in the blazes are we going to fly away from this thing?"

	"We could always try flying straight up or down!"  Ebon courageously uttered.  He twitched.  "R-right?"

	"Look, it's a masquerade ball!"  Zaid reached over and squeezed Ebon's shoulders.  "And chef here wants Floydien's Nancy Jane to dress up as a burning comet!"

	"Well, I wanna see you come up with a better plan!"

	"I could come up with a dozen that are sexier!"  Zaid nodded, then blinked.  "Too bad none of them would work."  He turned about.  "Rainbow?"

	The pegasus looked over.  "Hmmm?"

	"You've gotta have a brilliant plan to all this."

	"Pffft.  You're looking at the wrong pony."

	"You sure?"  Zaid smirked.  "Cuz you're the only mare around these parts with wings!"

	Rainbow Dash bit her lip, looking away from the group.

	"Rainbow..."

	She glanced up.

	Belle looked over Kera's shoulder as she cradled the filly.  "You... you know what this place is, don't you?"  Her chestnut eyes glinted.

	Rainbow sighed.  She rubbed a hoof through her mane and muttered, "Everypony in Cloudsdale grew up believing in... in..."  She mumbled the word out.

	Elma leaned forward, blinking her reptilian eyes.  "Whazzat?"

	"Stratopolis," Rainbow grunted.  "It was just a silly myth, an old mare's tale."  She sighed and tilted her face up towards the rainswept heights of the temple above.  "Until now..."

	"I'm guessing where you come from, myths were made to be proven," Zaid said.

	"Or broken."  Rainbow kicked at the marble floor and paced slowly towards the nearest marble columns, squinting out at the gray and wet world beyond.  "Every pegasus household in Equestria has this age-old story about the fate of Commander Hurricane."

	"Commander who?" Ebon remarked.

	"He sounds super brave to have a name like that!" Props bounced.

	"Yes.  She was," Rainbow muttered.

	Props winced, blushing.  "Oh."

	"She was one of the six founding leaders of Pre-Classical Equestria," Rainbow Dash said.  "If it weren't for the important decisions she and her fellow cohorts made, our civilization would never have gotten over their differences and come together.  Before the founding of Equestria, unicorns, pegasi, and earth ponies lived in separate tribes, untrusting and wary of each other."

	"What changed?" Elma asked.

	"Heh.  The weather did."  Rainbow pointed at the drizzly nastiness beyond.  "Imagine this, but colder than the Frozen Wastes, with never-ending snow."  She turned and trotted back towards the group.  "Turns out a bunch of nasty windigos were responsible for the blight."

	"Windigos?" Eagle remarked.

	Rainbow nodded.  "And they continued to plague the founding ponies of Equestria until they got over their differences and joined under a courageous bond of love and commit