ment."

	"I've read of such creatures before," Pilate said with a nod.  "They're elementals in the form of equines who feed off the despondence and dissent of large populations."

	"Could... could windigos be responsible for this place?" Ebon asked with a nervous shiver.

	"Hard to say," Rainbow said with a shrug.  "When Equestria was founded, all of the windigos were driven away."  She squinted.  "All except for in one place."

	"Oh?" Eagle blinked.

	"Yeah.  Turns out there was a patch of snowy clouds far to the north that refused to dissipate.  So Commander Hurricane led a batallion there to investigate.  She claimed that she found a city roughly size the Pegasopolis, but with... with..."  She gulped, glancing nervously about the temple.  "With darker buildings and strange obelisks connecting the bigger structures."

	Zaid took one glance out the temple, and then back at the pegasus.  "You don't say...?"

	"What happened then?" Ebon asked.

	"Hurricane was almost certain that the windigos would return if the city was not dealt with.  It was too big to destroy and yet too dangerous to invade.  So, instead, Commander Hurricane and a choice group of elite pegasi flew towards the city with the intent of... taking it over."

	"They were going to hijack a city?" Elma remarked.

	"A floating city," Rainbow Dash said.  "Commander Hurricane left General Pansy behind to take care of pegasus affairs in the new kingdom of Equestria.  Soon after, all traces of the windigos disappeared, as did the mysterious cluster of clouds to the north."

	"Whew..." Zaid whistled.  "Sounds like she got the mission done."

	"We can only guess..."  Rainbow rubbed one forelimb with another.  "The Commander... uhh... n-never returned."

	Props' blue eyes sparkled.  "She d-didn't?"

	Rainbow shook her head.  "It's one of the biggest losses in pegasus history.  For decades after that, Equestrian pegasi broke off in small companies, flying east and west.  They attempted searching for the fate of the Commander's expedition.  As they did so, they did their best to describe the fabled city to every culture they met, using one name to describe the mysterious place."

	Pilate nodded.  "Stratopolis."

	"Yeah..."  Rainbow sighed.  "And just now, after we landed, I saw a sculpture that looks like Commander's Hurricane's image."

	"No way..."  Ebon exhaled.

	"For real."  Rainbow nodded.  "I'm guessing that she was successful with her mission.  Maybe a little too successful."  She looked up at the temple ceiling.  "This place... this lousy place... it must have become her home."

	"Well, there's no way in Hell it's becoming our little hole in the sky!"  Josho frowned.  "There's gotta be a way to shut down the typhoon... the windigos... the leprechauns—or whatever's keeping us landlocked on this floating turdipelago!"

	"Gonnae-no pissin' aw ower thes place's braw nam, mucker!"  Prowse frowned at the obese stallion.  "It's got character!  Antiquity!  Grace!"

	"It's got you by the balls!  But not me!"  Josho looked towards Props.  "Yo, grease monkette, could there be something here—like some sort of crazy mana machine—that's controlling the weather all around us?"

	"I suppose... some sort of machine could be responsible," Props said with a shrug.  "Though it'd be some really fancy shmancy machine!"

	"And what if that machine were to be turned off?"

	Props blinked.  "The wind could conceivably go 'bye-bye!'"

	"That's a gross oversimplification if you ask me," Elma said.

	"The way I see it—it's a start!"  Josho grinded his hooves.  "And I don't intend to stand around here and watch ourselves turn to prunes from all this damned rain!"

	"First thing's first..."  Rainbow Dash flapped her wings and lifted up.  "Let me go out there."

	"Go out there?!" Belle stammered.

	"Huh?!"  Eagle Eye blanched.  "Rainbow, no!"

	"Somepony's gotta do reconaissance.  Might as well be the only pony with wings."

	"The wind will blast you to bits!"

	"I've given the place a good long look.  The air's pretty 