 her teeth, she veered a little bit to her left, attempting to skirt around the jetting gale.  In so doing, she nearly propelled herself into a hovering black obelisk.

	Gasping, she twirled sideways just in time to avoid the structure.  Its tall marble face blocked the wind, forming a tiny patch of still air.  Rainbow Dash chose to hover there, breathing with relief.  She stared at the structure, marveling at how it wasn't being swayed at all by the heavy winds.  In fact, it seemed altogether impervious.

	Staring from the base to the top of the slender structure, Rainbow saw thin lines glowing with otherworldly sparks of mysterious energy.  Upon closer inspection, the obelisk's exterior appeared smoother than the marble surfaces of the temples and buildings levitating in every direction.  Rainbow Dash ran a hoof along the black shell, her jaw agape in wonder.

	"So pristine," she murmured.  "Almost like... the machine world..."

	Shivering slightly, she turned and looked over her shoulder.  Through the swirling mists of the hurricane force winds, she spotted several more obelisks identical to this one, all hovering at equidistant points.  The buildings of pegasus architecture floated in relatively close clusters to these curious towers, and Rainbow wondered if perhaps there was a connection of some sort.

	Tilting about, Rainbow looked towards the center of the storm, forward and above her.  About eight hundred meters skyward at a forty-five degree angle, the largest building of all loomed.  It as built like a giant, stout cylinder, with the makings of a dome that flattened out towards the top.  The entire circumference was lined with typical marble arches, but Rainbow couldn't make out any of the interior from the deep shadows that the pillars made.

	Holding her breath, Rainbow Dash tightened her goggles, planted her hooves against the obelisk behind her, and kicked off.  She shot like a blue bullet into the rain, knifing her way through the currents in order to approach the large building at maximum speed.



	"You can go inside, you know," Elma Boreal said as she shuffled over to Bellesmith's side.  "You and the filly don't have to be out here."

	Belle sat on the bottommost corner of the leaning hangar doors to the Noble Jury.  A gray haze of light cascaded over her features as she lay Kera by her side, gently stroking the sleeping foal's mane.  "Kera's not a fan of pitch black darkness," Belle muttered.  "I always keep a lantern lit dimly to soothe her.  So, while Props and her uncle struggle to get the power to Floydien's ship back on, I think she'll enjoy being out here more."

	Elma blinked.  She gazed out at the rain-swept temple, dribbling with moisture, and then the swirling clouds beyond.  She glanced back.  "No offense, but... h-how can you tell?"

	Belle merely bit her lip.

	"I-I'm sorry..."  Elma winced, squatting down beside the mare.  "That wasn't a fair thing to say.  But still, I must say I'm rather concerned.  Did... did something happen to the filly to... to cause her to be like this?"

	"Yes, you could most definitely say that," Belle said through a frown.  She closed her eyes, shuddered, and straightened her bangs.  "Forgive me.  Things... j-just haven't been the same since a few weeks ago."

	Elma smiled awkwardly behind her beak.  "I couldn't help but notice.  I've been on several airships in my time, seen several different crews.  The ponies of the Noble Jury seem... decidedly on edge."

	"Yes, well, we have good reason to be," Belle said.  "There are dangers in this world that you simply can't walk away from without limping.  There was a terrible tragedy in a town called Lerris where Kera, Pilate, and I attempted to settle.  Kera was... f-forced to witness a lot of horrible things.  She used to be talkative, playful, sassy... and h-happy... but now?"  Belle sighed, stroking the filly's mane.  "A foal her age shouldn't have to be subjected to such a nightmare.  The last thing I ever want to do is leave her side."

	"I do believe I can see that," Elma said, nod