ding.  "Has she gotten any better since... er... the incident?"

	Belle was silent.

	The turtle shuffled where she sat.  "Ms. Bellesmith, I am... well acquainted with the horrors of this world."

	"Are you?"  Belle flashed her a frown.

	Elma looked back.  Nevertheless, she smiled—gently.  "Indeed.  Just because I'm a talking turtle doesn't mean I haven't lived as extraordinarily long as tortoises that don't."

	Belle blinked at that.  Eventually, with folded ears, she gazed down at the metal plank of the Noble Jury.  "How... h-how many years...?"

	"I lost count at one hundred and twenty," Elma said.  "Life has its joyous occasions, Bellesmith, but when you throw that many decades into the mix, it's inescapable to see loved ones die... and twice as many float away into the darkness unsung."  Her reptilian eyes gazed towards the swirling mists beyond the temple's edge.  "There's a saying amongst the turtles of Alafreo:  'Let shadows collect only beneath a crowd.'  It means that while our many, many years go by, our only means of battling the darkness is to usurp it with the warmth and intimacy of each other."

	"I... didn't realize that reptilian creatures were... uhm... capable of such—"

	"Sincerity?"  Elma chuckled.  "Ms. Bellesmith, I am cold-blooded... not cold."  She took a deep breath and said, "What's happened to Kera is most terrible, and I am very sorry to hear about it.  But perhaps it would be a good thing for you both to mingle someplace that's warmer, rosier, even happier."

	"I'm giving her everything, Miss Boreal," Belle said through a quivering lip.  "Warmth, companionship, love... she's receiving all that I've got to give."

	Elma's eyes narrowed.  "And was Kera the... only pony who was damaged by the trauma of what happened in this 'Lerris' place?"

	Belle stared blankly past her.

	Elma slowly nodded.  She reached over and patted Belle's shoulder.  "Your loyalty to Kera is noble.  But I do think the filly needs more than that.  But, more importantly, so do you."

	Belle gulped and murmured through a trembling muzzle.  "Loyalty... is all th-that I've known as of late..."

	"All that you know or all that you've chosen to know?"

	The mare winced, shivering slightly.

	Elma glanced at the few ponies gathered about the temple, then back into the hangar of the Noble Jury.  "This place just... feels so unnecessarily empty."  She smirked.  "And from someone with a shell, that's saying something.  If I were you, Miss Bellesmith, I'd take advantage of something that I personally haven't had in nearly thirty years."  She stood up.

	Belle glanced up at her.  "And what's that?"

	Elma paused, then turned back to wink at her.  "A husband."  And she shuffled off.


	On her way to the super structure, Rainbow Dash found it hard to breathe.  The constant jets of rain meant opening her nostrils—much less her muzzle—for a single second risked legitimate drowning.  The fact that she was still airborne could be chalked up to her sheer strength and experience as a versatile flier.  Nevertheless, the wear and tear of the inclement weather was having its toll on her, and she feared she couldn't made it to the building at this rate.

	Luckily, something loomed towards her right.  She shot a glance over, seeing a large wall of granite roaming in her general direction.  Rainbow wasn't startled; instead she banked right, twirled, and glided towards the lower platform of the wandering temple.

	Her hooves touched down on the granite balcony with a splash.  She shuffled forward until she was shaded by two stories of polished rock and marble.  Shaking the copious amount of raindrops off her body and saddlebag, she took a long, wheezing breath and relaxed her muscles.  With a slight shiver, she turned about, tilted her neck, and gazed out over the edge of the temple.

	She could see obelisks moving through the hazy precipitation, while the pegasus temples and buildings moved faster.  This confused Rainbow Dash for a moment, until—after wincing from a flash of lightning—she 