surmised that the obelisks were, in fact, staying still.  It was the temple she was on that was moving, along with the other pegasus structures themselves.  The fact that the obelisks looked like they were floating about was simply an illusion brought upon by her perception.  This contributed to her growing assumption that the obelisks were somehow responsible for animating the entire city.

	Turning around, Rainbow Dash trotted into the dark depths of the small building she was in.  Rubbing a hoof over her pendant, she summoned a ruby glow that cast a dull crimson glint off of every wet surface.  She saw no signs of furniture, draperies, tools, or any sort of small movable items whatsoever.  She guessed that untold years of being suspended in the belly of a hurricane had stripped the interiors of these buildings to their bare essentials.

	Still, the eeriness of the whole situation was not lost to Rainbow Dash.  Aside from the black marble and the barren decor, it undoubtedly felt like she was navigating the inside of a typical pegasus dwelling in Cloudsdale.  The building was built without enclosed walls, so that air could breathe easily through the marble columns and cornerstones of the place.  Even the steps—which stretched up in a pair of zig-zagging stairs in the center of the structure—were drawn apart with vertical spaces for the rain water to dart through.

	Rainbow Dash reached the top floor with quiet hoofsteps.  As thunder rolled in the distance, she stared out onto the bright gray sprawl of floating buildings.  She could see the large cylindrical structure looming a little bit above her.  She could tell at this point that the round building was undoubtedly the center of the storm, even though she couldn't spot any obelisks located around it.

	Looking down, Rainbow spotted the temple where the Noble Jury had landed at a distance.  From far away, it appeared so tiny and fragile, and its movement through the wind gusts looked decidedly weak and unpredictable.

	Wincing, she forced herself to look away from where her friends were.  Gazing up, she spread her wings and darted towards the building, holding her breath this time so that she could make the distance in one succinct glide.
		//------------------------------//
		// Let's Go to the Kitchen		//------------------------------//

	By flickering candlelight, Ebon Mane shuffled across the leaning interior of the Noble Jury's kitchen.  Muttering slightly to himself, he scooped several pots and pans and utensils from the floor, shoving them into their respective places inside cabinets with widely dangling doors.

	The candle suddenly went out with a gust of air.  Ebon cursed under his breath and fumbled blindly for the matches.  Just then, a lavender light lit up the room four times as brightly as the single candle.  Blinking, Ebon turned and looked up.

	Eagle Eye stood within the open doorway leading from the stairwell.  "Sorry..."  He blushed a bit.  "I-I guess I brought a bit of the hurricane inside with me."

	"It's fine," Ebon said with a sigh, glancing lethargically at the kitchen floor.  "I wasn't getting much work done anyways."

	"What makes you say that?"

	"Unnngh... I gotta wash off all these dishes and junk!  The darn things have been lying on the floor ever since we did battle with the Lounge!  But I can't very well scrub them when the power's out!  Besides, even if we somehow took off from this thing and flew victoriously to Alafreo, there's no telling what amount of turbulence would just propel them back onto the floor in the end!"  He groaned and pulled at his mane.  "So what's the use..."

	Eagle bit his lip.  "I-I could help you, y'know!"  He smiled nervously.  "One horn is better than eight hooves, where I come from."

	"The only thing I'd need help with right now is fixing a group salad with tomato slices..."  Ebon grumbled.  "That needs a lot more light than what you've got."

	"Uhhhhh..."  Eagle Eye turned, illuminated the breezy stairwell, and then pivoted to face Ebon once more with a crooked smirk.  "Consi