r with her hooves, and bucked off of it.  Gliding with the wind, she came to a stop under the large overhang that wrapped around the building’s circumference.  Here, the bulk of the structure’s outer shell finally acted as a wind buffer, and she could actually walk evenly.

    Panting, she picked a random direction and trotted it, shuffling counter-clockwise around the outer rim of the building.  As she did so, she looked to her left, staring at the wall of marble that was perpetually slick with rain water.

    She could see patterned tiles, forming a mosaic of an ever-evolving image.  Squinting, Rainbow saw mountains, forests, trees--and above it all a blue and purple sky with swirling bands of cloud and nebulae.  But that wasn’t all.  There lay a foundation beneath it all, or at least there once was.  From what Rainbow could tell, somepony or ponies had chipped away the tile pieces that made up an entire layer beneath the illustrations of earth.  It looked too neat a cut to have been done accidentally by nature or the elements.

    “Somepony didn’t like the machine world…”  Facing forward, Rainbow Dash muttered against the howling winds.  “Hurricane, just how much did you know, girl?”

    She suddenly stopped in her tracks, speechless.

    A large body was blocking her way--a hunk of rusted metal with splayed mechanical parts.

    Rainbow Dash blinked.  She looked to the left.  The front of the huge bulky structure lay flat against the inner wall of the building.  She looked to the right.  A pillar or two had been knocked aside, careening on either edge of the slender metal object.  If Rainbow didn’t know any better, she would have guessed that this thing had crashed into the building.  How long ago, she couldn’t say.

    With pensive steps, she trotted around the thing.  In so doing, she saw the tell-tale signs of a gondola, complete with rudders, masts, and the skeletal remains of a support structure.

    “A zeppelin…”  Rainbow Dash muttered as she squinted through a shattered porthole, staring into a compartment full of waterlogged junk and moldy interior furnishing.  “How in the heck did it get up here?”

    Her voice had a strange, confined echo to it.  So she turned around, staring further down the edge of the building’s curved wall.  She spotted not one but two more structures, both having impacted the building’s inner face just like the zeppelin before.

    In a brisk pace, she galloped towards the two objects.  Sure enough, both were airships.  The hulls were in various states of decay, and she had seen enough vessels to know that one used a different kind of propulsion than the other.

    “Okay… getting weirder…”

    Rainbow walked along, and as she did so, she found more and more airships, all having crashed into the building’s side--evidently bow-first.  She also found spaces where the marble floor of the building’s outer rim had been scraped and damaged, suggesting that even more ships had crashed there before, but over time they had either fallen off the edge or disintegrated from decay.

    This pattern continued and continued.  To break the monotony, Rainbow Dash paused in her counter-clockwise trek to stare out at the floating “city.”  It was then that she discovered that other floating temples--some large and some small--were littered with airships themselves--be they whole entire derelicts or just the pieces of old metal carcasses.

    “Luna Poop…”  Rainbow Dash winced.  “The Noble Jury isn’t one in a million after all…”  She turned to gawk at the bulk of the structure she was traversing.  “How long has this friggin’ place been gobbling up ships?”

    It was then that Rainbow noticed a space of open stone to her left.  She suddenly realized that the wall stopped curving, giving way to a wide partition that stretched nearly sixty feet across.  Curious, she trotted past an inner layer of pillars and approached the chamber, surprised to see that no vehicle parts littered the space.

   