 And then her hooves came to a scuffling stop.  She looked straight up at the dead-center of the wall.  Her mouth hung agape, and after a good solid minute, she lifted her rain-slick goggles to stare at the thing unimpeded with her natural born eyes.

    “Huh…”  Her expression hung between a grimace and a smirk.  “Well that’s different.”

		//------------------------------//
		// Where's the Damned Hint Book?		//------------------------------//

	"What I'm trying to tell you, handsome, is that it's not a matter of Nancy's womb being fried!"  Props gulped before speaking across the cockpit.  "If we were to take off right now, we'd fly directly into a mess of howling winds!  I'm afraid the steam ports aren't enough to stabilize us with that degree of turbulence!  All we could do is circle around with the skystone engine at suicidal speeds!  And I don't think Nancy Jane's lucky enough to crash land twice in a row without going kersplodey!"

	"Well, Floydien isn't a fanatic addict for sitting here and collecting glimmer dust!" Floydien grumbled.  "Color Wheel isn't here to help blonde boomer's uncle with an excursion diversion!  Floydien needs to get Nancy and the rest of the boomers out of this mess!"

	"I'm all with you, but you gotta understand..."  Props smiled awkwardly.  "Until we can figure out what makes this place tick, there's no sense in making the Nancy Jane tock, ya feel me?"

	"Mah niece has got a point, ye hyperactife space elk!"  Prowse remarked from where he leaned against the rain-drizzled doorframe to the leaning ship's top deck.  "Yoo've got a mighty braw ship haur, but dashin' it tae bits jist coz ye feel a tooch ay th' cramps abit thes waterlogged place doesnae make much sense."

	Floydien's red eyes narrowed.  "How is it possible for a boomer to exist that spits more sideways than Floydien?"

	"Crkkkkk!  Hey, guys?!"  The sound stone in Props' possession crackled.

	"Oh jeezies!"  Props hopped in place.  "Dashie's calling!"  She bellowed out the doorframe.  "Hey guys!  Dashie's got something to say!"  Hoofsteps galloped closer as the mare leaned back against a crooked wall and spoke into the stone being cradled between her hooves.  "Rainbow?  Propsy here.  What's new?"

	"I wouldn't call it 'new,' exactly.  But old.  Super... super old..."

	Josho trotted up with Pilate leaning against the stallion's side.  "Go on ahead, Rainbow," he said with a slight shudder.  "We're all ears."

	"Well, for one thing, I've found a bunch of crashed ships."

	Josho's face scrunched.  "Like what kind of ships?"

	"Everything you can imagine.  Steam-powered, skystone, regular zeppelins.  A whole bunch of them look smashed to all heck, not to mention pretty dang old.  I think this floating city's been collecting aircraft from the Flurries for a crazy long time."

	"Ah kent it!"  Prowse sneered through clenched teeth.  "Zabubadabu isnae naethin' tae play aroond wi'! It explains wa sae mony ships disappeared in th' depths ay these bludy freezin' cloods!"

	"I didn't find any ponies, though.  I mean, with that many ships, you'd think there'd at least be some bodies lying around."

	"In an environment as inhospitable as this, I highly doubt any ponies would have survived for long," Pilate said in a cold tone.  "The same could be said of their corpses."

	Props shuddered at that.

	"Other than that, I've seen more evidence of Commander Hurricane having lived here.  Granted, that would have been several thousands of years ago."

	"Astoondin', isnae it?"  Prowse grinned.  "Thes place was ance a haven fur flyin' ponies! Aam tellin' ye, we've struck gauld!"

	"Yes, and we've got the proverbial concussion to prove it!"  Josho frowned.  "Say, Rainbow, have you found any thing that can get us off these floating sky turds?"

	"No, but I have found a bunch of murals that must have once illustrated the world from the perspective of those who built this place.  A lot of the images are missing.  I've got a theory or two behind that, but nothing to go on.  Oh, and I kinda sorta found so