aid and approached the cockpit.  "You stallions are all alike—all bragging and yellow snow.  Hey handsome!"

	"Make it quick before boomer's spit freezes!"  Floydien snarled, fumbling with the loose wires of a partially dismantled intercom console inside the ship's cockpit.  "Did blonde boomer find the overloaded manaconduit?"

	"It wasn't on my end!"  Props exclaimed, then waved a charred black needle.  "Though I did find this outdated arcano-copper leyline expander!"  She squinted at the elk.  "What was it doing in the aft engine compartment?"

	"Balls if Floydien knows."  The elk's cloven hooves dug deeper and deeper into the technical intestines.  "Everything's been inside out before Floydien allowed boomers to co-boom Nancy Jane!"

	"But it wasn't supposed to be in that compartment to begin with, you silly robot goose!"  Props stamped her hoof.  "If this is how you dress up your beloved's womb, then maybe it explains why the intercom system and the air conditioning went down!"

	"Nonsense!  It's the weather, Floydien tells boomer!"  His red eyes narrowed between sparkling antlers.  "Nancy Jane's a summer creature.  She was born to be wet with glory sparkles."

	"How did you build her so flank-backwards anyways?!"

	"It was simple!  With lots of spit, affection, and anti stabby-stab!"  Floydien fidgeted.  "Also glimmer squirrel..."

	"Dag to the nabbit!"  Props shook in place. "I should be testing out our newly refined skystone array now!  Not dealing with all of this... nnngh... icky doo doo mush!  Why, I feel so angry I could say... I could just say..."

	"S'all good, Propsy." Zaid waved from afar, smirking.  "Let it out, girlllllllll."

	"Nnnnnnnnnnnnnngh!"  Props raised her hoof, raised it higher, then lightly kicked a lonely spot along the ship's railing.  "...peaches!"  She blinked, then gasped, falling down on her knees and nuzzling the part of the ship she had just kicked.  "I'm so sorry!  Oh, Nancy!  I am soooooo... sooooooo sorry..."  She bit her lip, sniffled, and glanced Floydien's way with sparkly blue eyes.  "I'll polish her up!  I'll make it better!  I'm so sorry for getting mean and nasty!"

	"Hrnnnnghhh..."  Floydien's hairy nostrils flared.  "Estrogenoboomerrrrr... Floydien swears, yes yes Floydien does..."

	At that moment, Eagle Eye climbed up from the vertical crawlspace below, levitating his sword and shield behind him.  "Okay, that does it."  He pulled a leather hood over his lavender face and muttered firmly, "It's been over eight hours.  I'm going after her."

	"After who?"  Props squeaked, blinking her eyes wide.  "Rainbow Dash?"

	"Well, if I wanted to go after Crimson at this point, I'd have a heck of a swim ahead of me."  Eagle Eye approached the edge of the ship.

	"Forgive me for being the proverbial idiot on the floating crystal ship here..."  Zaid raised his hoof.  "But are you trying to put me out of a job?"

	"Huh?"

	"How do you plan to go after Rainbow Dash, dude-gal-bro?"  Zaid's eyebrow lifted.  "You know how she goes on these trips as of late.  She's likely miles away... in the air.  How do you plan to go after her?  Did Franzington teach Propulsive Flatulence 101?"

	"After sailboat boomer's bean soup, what boomer can say?"

	"Hey, knock it off!"  Eagle frowned aside.  "I happen to like Ebon's beans... soup.  Bean soup."  His violet eyes crossed, and he shook his snout.  "Anyways, I was going to use this..."  He raised his shield.

	"Isn't it the wrong kind of weather for boogey boarding?  Besides, there isn't much of a surf."

	"It's simple!"  Eagle Eye said.  "I'll use my telekinesis to push myself along.  With a good coat of frost against the shield's surface, I can cover a lot of ground!"

	"You're really funny when you're serious."

	"For real!  I did this sort of stuff back in my training days!  Me and Phoenix and Zenith would race each other across the crystal lake by the barracks!"

	"Yeah?  And how much distance did you cover?"

	Eagle Eye fidgeted.  "A hundred meters."

	"You know what?  I stand corrected."  Zaid 