mething else... something big..."

	Pilate's metal brow furrowed.  "What kind of something?"






	Rainbow Dash stood before the large wall, staring up at the intricate lines forming the circular patterns above her.

	"It's a very large pattern," she said.  "Imagine a large circle, only it's sliced up into twelve pieces.  And—like—there are two smaller circles just like it, one inside another.  Three large segmented circles total.  And between the joints of the twelve different plates, there are these small spheres, set on the inside curve of the broken circles."

	All was wind and howling...

	And then Pilate's voice replied, "Twelve segments to each circle, you say?"

	Prowse's voice crackled on the other end.  "Is thaur supposed tae be some sort ay bloomin' significance tae 'at?"

	"It falls into a pattern that we've observed since our journey from Blue Shelf began.  Rainbow Dash, it would seem, has ties to a long-forgotten history that is stored within the machines that lay hidden in the belly of this earth.  Both Rainbow and my beloved have experienced visions of a world—far larger than the one we live in—that is made up of twelve separate parts, like portions of an enormous ring."

	"Bludy heel. ur ye tryin' tae suggest 'at thes city is a key tae a prehistoric genesis?"

	"Well, you could argue that Rainbow herself serves such a purpose.  I can't possibly comprehend what connection this floating city might have."

	Props' voice lit up.  "Maybe it was built by flying ponies, much like Dashie and the old Equestrians who apparently found it once upon a time?"

	"I've got an even stupider question," Rainbow Dash said, eyeing the circles within circles.  "Given what you, me, and Belle have learned so far, Pilate, just why would I be looking at three broken rings inside of one another?"  She gulped.  "I was only ever aware of one ring."

	All was silent on the other end.

	"I do not know, Rainbow," Pilate's voice said.  "We have to consider the likelihood that, in spite of all the visions and truths we have encountered, there is still a great deal we have yet to learn and understand."

	"I didn't fly all this way to get another migraine."

	"Neither did any of us.  I must admit that my curiosity abounds, but I suspect we have more pressing concerns."

	"I couldn't learn much on my lonesome anyways," Rainbow Dash said, squinting at the wall between the spheres and lines.  "I see a whole bunch of words carved into the stone here."

	"What kind of words?" Josho's voice said.

	"To be perfectly frank, they look... Xonan," Rainbow said.  "Or Xonanese?"

	"Better yet, perhaps the same ancient language that the Xonans based their dialect on," Pilate said.  "Belle and Phoenix witnessed that when they first met Kera and she saw the book of runes you found."

	"Yeah..."  Rainbow sighed.  "Too bad the poor scamp's on the fritz.  I wouldn't mind having an adoracute living cheat sheet in my pocket."

	"Yes, well..."  Pilate's voice took a breath.  "We must make do with what we have..."

	"Or what we don't have," Rainbow muttered quietly.

	"Hey Dashie!"  Props' voice chimed. "Not that we're in a hurry to get out of this scary mess before we all die of drowning, aphyxiation, or madness... but any chance you can try and find the energy source of what's keeping us here in the eye of the storm?"

	"Right..."  Rainbow Dash nodded and turned away from the wall of carvings.  "I saw some corridors leading into the heart of the largest building where I'm at.  I'll go do some exploring and keep in touch."

	"Just be careful, ya paint bucket!" Josho's voice grumbled.

	"Heh... you know me..."  Rainbow's nostrils flared as she trotted back the way she came.  "Of course I won't..."
		//------------------------------//
		// Bring Me the Blue Dashes		//------------------------------//

	As Rainbow Dash entered one of several corridors leading to the center of the large round structure, the hiss of wind and rain dulled to a low roar.  All had become darkness and echoing hoofsteps.  Af