ter a brief pause, a ruby beam of light emanated from her pendant, illuminating the narrow marble walls on either side of her.  She glanced left and right, her blue hooves splashing in tiny puddles as she made her way towards the far end of the passageway.

	She came upon a junction of tiny intersecting hallways.  She sniffed the air with her fuzzy muzzle, squinting left and right across the shadows.  Muttering under her breath, she took a pensive left turn and followed a long, curved corridor.  As a minute limped by, she judged that this hallway followed the generally circular shape of the building's outer walls.  On her left and right, doorframes opened to small, cramped corridors.  She took a moment or two to glance in, and for once she saw some semblance of former civilization.  Broken pieces of old pottery and delapidated furniture littered the floors and corners of the cramped compartments.  Curious, she wandered into one, picking up a piece of curved plaster that must have once been an urn of some sort.  Across its dusty surface, she made out the faded images of winged ponies in pre-classical Equestrian armor.

	"Hmmm... Pegasopolitan..."  She stared up at the ceiling, spotting cracks where streams of moisture bled through, trickling noisily to the floor.  "I bet Twilight would have gotten a real kick out of this place, the friggin' egghead."  She paused for a moment, and her mouth hung between a grimace and af rown.  "Heh... bet she'd get a real kick out of me."

	She dwelled on that for a little too long.  With a barely audible grunt, she taused the piece of pottery uncaringly to the floor.  Turning away from the shattering noise, she trotted back into the curved hallway and resumed her slow, exploratory journey.

	It wasn't long until she came upon a hallway to her right that was significantly bigger and significantly longer than the compartments she had stumbled upon previously.  Judging that it must lead towards the center of the building, she proceeded on through.  She sniffed the air, noticing a staler smell than in the previous interior sections.  The deeper she traversed towards the heart of the building, the colder and deader the atmosphere felt.  She felt a sharp chill run across her body, and she wrapped her wing feathers around her sides for a smidgeon of added insulation.

	"Brrrrr... no way in heck Commander Hurricane could have been in charge of this place," Rainbow Dash muttered aloud.  She glanced back at the darkness behind her.  "Any self-respecting bird-brain woulda piloted this rainy hunk-a-junk to the tropics where it would have warmed up."

	She bumped into the pointy end of a spear.

	"Ow!" Her voice cracked.  She turned and stared down the hollow nostrils of a horse skull.  "Gaaaah!"  Hopping back, she shielded her wincing face with her wing, then nervously peered over her feathers.

	A pony skeleton lay, its spine and ribcage propped up against a stack of moldy, imploded wooden crates.  Several sharp pikes lay in a solid barricade along with the body.  The equine's forelimbs faithfully held a staff at a forty-five degree angle to the ceiling, pinned against its decayed frame.

	"Uhhh... h-hey there..."  She craned her neck and blinked with wide eyes.  "...sister."

	A pair of pegasus wings dangled from the skeleton's sides.

	"That's not crazy or anything."  Rainbow leaned closer, squinting through the ruby haze of her lit pendant.  "It... it couldn't possibly be the Angels that Khao yapped on about, could it?"  She tapped her chin, then glanced aside at a second pegasus—then did a double take.

	Much like the previous skeleton, this pony's remains were situated along the front end of a crumbled barricade.  Not only was it equipped with a jagged spear, but rusy bits of armor lay around its decrepit side.  Rainbow's eyes traced and re-traced hauntingly familiar helmet motifs.

	"So, Commander, you weren't alone."  She gazed at the barricade as a whole, spotting three more skeletons, frozen forever with gaping jaws.  "Your batallion followed you to the bitter en