d."  She took a deep, proud breath.  "Talk about loyalty."  Squinting, she peered down the far end of the corridor.  "Just what were you guys all protecting...?"

	Her murmuring voice echoed across the dark walls.

	Curious, Rainbow Dash crept forward.  Her muscles strained harder to trot, and that's how she knew that the floor was tilted upwards at an incline, like a ramp.  As she moved along, she became aware of a faint light straight ahead of her.  She heard a pitter-pattering sound, like that of rain cascading across thick glass.  Eventually, the light was strong enough that she could dim the glow of her pendant.

	Right about this time, the ascending hallway ended, and it opened up to a massive, massive chamber.  The tiniest of shuffling hoofsteps sent frightful echoes across the place.  Rainbow Dash saw curved walls with segmented columns and arches, all surrounding a spacious interior filled with scattered stone-like structures about the height of an average pony.  But the most noticeable detail was the granite ceiling—or rather a lack thereof.

	Upon entering the room, Rainbow realized that the very center of the building formed a shallow dome, and the innermost circle was comprised of an elaborate stained glass window with several circles within circles of panoramic designs.  It was difficult to make out any of the jagged illustrations, on account of the gray light of the world outside being refracted by copious ribbons of rain water sloshing all across the outer shell.

	Rainbow squinted, her face bathed in the prismatic kaleidoscope of waterlogged light.  Determined to see better, she flapped her wings and hovered up until she was a spit's distance from the stained glass ceiling.  Here, she spun in slow, slow circles, taking in as many details as her beleaguered mind could.

	The outermost rim of the circle showed a starry expanse.  Comets and nebulaic bodies and constellations filled up the long curved panels with translucent purples, blacks, and violets.

	The next circular panel looked as if it had been blacked out, until Rainbow looked harder and realized she was seeing a pure ring of metallic browns and grays.

	Next, she saw what must have been the "machine world," complete with its gold and platinum platforms, sweeping pendulums, rolling conveyor belts, and endless streams of gears and levers.

	The layer within that is what caught Rainbow's attention the most.  Here, she saw landscapes, clusters of earth, forests and valleys, seas and deserts.  Not all of it was green—some landscapes were brown, gray, blue, and even odd colors such as purples and yellows.  But what made Rainbow Dash gawk in confusion was the nature of the illustrated creatures living within this layer of the window.  She saw quadrupeds, to be sure, but also bipeds, simeons, reptiles, and some creatures with limbs she couldn't even recognize.  What was more, each of these creatures congregated around one particular section of the panel, corresponding to a different landscape.  Rainbow counted, and she ultimately discovered twelve distinct sections.

	Strangely enough, none of these sections depicted ponies—or at least that's what she thought at first.  Hovering higher, she studied one part of the panel that was considerably darker than the rest.  It wasn't until closer inspection that she realized the panel wasn't dark—but rather it had been damaged in such a way that the light from outside was too scattered to properly break through.  She flew until she was within a breath's distance, studying the cracked parts of the glass from the uncracked.  Drops of moisture dripped through from the rain outside, and after a few flashes of lightning, she finally spotted something that caught her eye.  She saw feathers, and wings, and the flanks that they were attached to.

	"Pegasi..."  Rainbow Dash muttered, then gulped.  "The angels."

	Sure enough, that part of the panel was populated by winged ponies.  Why it was damaged, Rainbow couldn't properly guess, until she surmised that the cracks could easily have been f