ormed by one or two well-aimed Pegasopolitan spears.

	"Guessing they weren't all that they were cracked up to be, eh, Khao?"  Rainbow Dash ran a hoof through her wet mane as she glanced down.  "Hurricane, what did you figure out about them...?"

	From this height, Rainbow could spot several clusters of delapidated junk cluttering the room's otherwise pristine floor below.  She glanced out towards the perimeter, and thus discovered twelve passageways total, all leading out from the large chamber.  Each passageway was barricaded with all manner of junk, pikes, and rusted chunks of armor.  No small amount of pegasus skeletons dotted the "bastions."  They all faced out, armed to the teeth, fending off some invisible foe into eternity.

	"This was a last stand," Rainbow murmured aloud as she descended on limp wings.  "They all died holing themselves up here."  She perched on one of the stone structures, giving the walls a cockeyed glance.  "But wh-what?"

	Her cracking voiced echoed against the dusty granite lengths of the place, accompanied by the dull pitter-patter of rain against the glass above.  Rainbow Dash glanced straight up, studying the very center of the stained glass ceiling from below.

	Set within the center of the dome beyond the "surface world" were two final panels.  One, a swirling effigy of clouds and skies—both sunlit and moonlit.  Then, within the very center, she spotted what looked like a ruined panel of stained glass, until she realized that the small circle was nothing more than a ribboning spiral of prismatic colors, occupying the entire spectrum from red to green to violet and back.

	"Hrmmmf... Rub it in, why don'tcha?"  Rainbow Dash tilted her head back down with bored eyes.  It was then that she noticed an equine shape to her far right.  Jumping a bit, she pivoted to face it directly.  A statue of a horse's head loomed above a marble slab—only the slab was considerably different than all the rest.  It wasn't part of the room's structure, but rather a neatly arranged pile of rectangular stones fastened together like an ark.

	Trotting towards it, Rainbow took notice of the horse head's features.  The muzzle was curved and the neck was slender—the tell-tale traits of a pony mare.  What's more, her determined face featured undeniable battle scars.

	"Commander Hurricane..." Rainbow muttered aloud.  Her eyes fell to the slabs beneath the effigy.  She bit her lip.  "Are... are you in there?"  She turned to look back at the skeletons guarding the twelve entrances, then at the tomb once again.  "Ah jeez.  And I thought I lived an awesome life."  She gave a bittersweet smirk, then blinked...

	For there was a series of black staves sticking out of the ground not that far away.

	Curious, Rainbow Dash trotted past the tomb and approached the forest of slender vertical rods.  There were dozens of them, and all situated around a circular stone in what Rainbow Dash realized was the very center of the room.  Sure enough, as she stood upon the stone and gazed straight up, she saw the rainswept center panel of the stain glass domed ceiling.  Glancing down at the base of the rods, she saw long deep grooves in the floor, all pointing towards the centermost stone.  Looking at the rods' tips, she saw black shards, lock vulcanic obsidian.  As a matter of fact, from the slender crystalline structure of the shards, they almost exactly mimicked the—

	"Obelisks..."  Rainbow Dash breathed.  "Just like the big ones floating outside."  She squinted.  "That couldn't possibly be a total coinkydinky."  She reached a blue hoof towards one.  "Pffft.  That would just be plain stupid—"

	Flash!  The obelisk glowed to the touch, then slid slightly away from her.  Rainbow Dash gasped, instantly hovering on twitchy feathers.  She heard a grinding noise, then glanced down to see dust flying out of the groove as the entire staff traveled slightly towards the center stone.

	Not long after, there was another grinding noise—two, actually.  Rainbow Dash spun around to see two of the stout granite s