labs moving towards her and the center of the room.

	The entire thing lasted for about five seconds.  As soon as Rainbow removed her hoof from the shard at the top of the staff, the staff itself stopped moving.  In turn, so did the two slabs behind her.

	All was silent once again, save for the hush of rain and the muffled rolls of thunder.

	"Hmmmmm..."  Rainbow Dash narrowed her eyes.  She pivoted towards the staff yet again.  She touched it.  The crystal glowed.  Gripping the shard in her hoof, Rainbow looked behind her as she pulled the staff back.

	The two slabs moved in perfect sync.

	Rainbow pushed the staff forward.

	The slabs approached her and the center of the room.

	Licking her lips, Rainbow Dash flew forward, pushing the staff the rest of the way.

	With a noisy grind, the two slabs swam past their siblings and came to a stop just outside the ring of vertical staves.  This happened at the precise same time Rainbow found that she couldn't push the rod any more; it had reached the very end of its groove, stopping just short of the circular stone in the very center of the chamber.

	Rainbow Dash released her hoof from the horn.  She rubbed her chin in thought.  "Wait a second..."  Her eyes brightened.  "Wait a second... wait a second!"  Breathless, Rainbow Dash darted out of the chamber, flew past the collapsed skeletons, and zig-zagged her way through the shadowed corridors that led to the outer ring.



	Emerging once again in the sheets of rain and howling wind, Rainbow Dash perched sideways on one of the circular balcony's many-many pillars.  She squinted, staring out into the thick precipitation and stormy haze.  Undaunted, she flew sideways, darting over and under crashed airships until she found what she was looking for.

	One obelisk was suddenly levitating so close to the large building's edge that Rainbow Dash could practically kiss it.  What's more—it wasn't alone.  Two temples of varying sizes hovered along with it.  She judged that any pony with a lick of athleticism could easily jump the tiny, rainy gap that now loomed between where she was and the edges of the two temples.

	Blinking, Rainbow gazed out at the hovering depths of Stratopolis.  She spotted each obelisk, and she now realized that they numbered just the same as the rods that stood in the center of the room.  With a gradually growing smile, Rainbow Dash flew towards one edge of the building until she looked out onto a particular section of the floating city.  She spotted the temple where she knew that the Noble Jury and its beleaguered crew were quietly waiting.  Counting the obelisks between it and the one she had just "pulled," she immediately flew back into the heart of the large round building behind her.



	"I'm telling you, man."  Zaid grinned, leaning casually against a tilted mast on the Jury's top deck.  "Just grab an open jar of mayonnaise, sandwich it between a pillow and your bed mattress, and then go to town.  Best thing ever, guaranteed."

	"Uhm... er..."  Eagle Eye stared at his own hooves, blushing furiously.

	"Heh... I know, right?"  Zaid yawned and closed his eyes shut.  "You can thank me later, dude."

	Just then, the entire ship shook... along with the temple around it.

	"Whoah whoah whoah!"  Zaid gasped, flinging his eyes open.  "Not now, you stud!"

	"Something's h-happening!"  Eagle Eye stammered.

	Ebon Mane galloped out of the stairwell, breathless.  "Are we f-falling?!"

	"Hold on, boomers!"  Floydien shouted from the cockpit as he fired an array of sparks into the control instruments.  "We're getting off this evil rock of float float!"  He spat into the intercom.  "Blonde boomer!  Give Nancy power—"

	"Scrkkkk!  Don't you sweat your antlers off, buddy.  I've got this..."

	"Blonde boomer?"  Floydien's brown muzzle scrunched.  "Why so crack-a-squeak?"

	"Because this is Rainbow, you red-nosed-reindork!  Pay attention to the sound stone and take a good long look!  Port side!"

	"Ehhh?"  Floydien craned his neck to see.  Around this time, Josho and 