Prowse climbed up to the cockpit to look as well.

	The temple, an obelisk, and another building in the distance were all coming together, hovering towards a fixed spot of rainy air alongside the edge of Stratopolis' largest building.  As the temple housing the Noble Jury cruised to a slow stop, a blue figure darted out, hovering between two pillars and a crashed zeppelin as she spread her forelimbs victoriously.

	"Tadaaaaaa!  Neato keano, isn't it?"  Rainbow's teeth grinted in a flash of lightning.

	Eagle Eye and Ebon cooed.

	Meanwhile, Zaid spat out the edge of his muzzle.  "Pffft.  Hax."  The temple jolted to a stop, throwing him into the Jury's mast.  Thud!  "Crackapoop!"
		//------------------------------//
		// Meet at the Instance Gate		//------------------------------//

	"A control room?" Josho shouted across the wind and rain.

	"Yup!"  Rainbow Dash jumped the gap between the circular building's balcony and the adjacent temple.  She landed a few feet in front of the Noble Jury's dormant bow.  "In that it seems to control the buildings that are floating around here."

	"And..."  Belle squinted from where she stood with Kera alongside Elma.  "...the core that runs this place?"

	Rainbow Dash took a deep breath.  "I... haven't had quite as much luck finding that," the pegasus muttered.

	"Hrmmmf..."  Floydien rolled his red eyes.  "Assuming such a glimmer wad exists."

	"Hey!"  Rainbow frowned and pointed a hoof.  "I'm gonna find it!  Okay?  I've just got... y'know... more places to search."

	"Seems like an awfully large building," Eagle Eye said, squinting through the constant drizzle.  "Could take hours to explore... days even..."

	Ebon blinked.  "What if we split up?"

	Zaid scowled at him.  "Were you friggin' born yesterdouche?!"

	"I was j-just suggesting something!"  Ebon bit his lip with folded ears.  "In the interest of time..."

	"If ye ask me, aam raither glad tae hae aw th' time in th' warld tae explair thes magnificent waterlogged bungaloo!"  Prowse said with a bearded grin.

	"Yes, we all know that," Rainbow Dash muttered.  "But we've gotta set our priorities."

	"The faster we get out of here, the safer we'll all be," Belle said.

	"An' jist whit makes ye certain ay 'at, Miss Paranoia?!" Prowse barked.

	Belle frowned across the way at him.  "You're not the only pony here with a doctorate."

	"Let's all try to calm down and not bite at each other," Pilate said, his voice raised above the thunder.  He waved his forelimbs as he spoke towards the hissing weather.  "Rainbow Dash, you've found evidence of mechanical purpose to this place, yes?"

	"Right."  The pegasus nodded.  "There're a bunch of poles inside the centermost piece of the place that control the floating obelisks.  It seems as though two or three temples are—like—somehow magically attached to these dark structures.  When I move the poles, I move the obelisks, and then the temples float along with them."

	"So you have access to the entire city?!"  Props remarked, bright-eyed.

	"Seems like it."

	"Hrmmmm..."  Prowse rubbed his fuzzy chin with a metal prosthetic.  "Main be some sort ay prehistoric leyline aura manipulation buffer...."

	"Or just a bunch of fart physics," Josho grumbled.  "I, for one, say that we go in search of the core."

	"Would we even know what to look for?" Ebon asked.

	"Rainbow, this place with the levers that manipulated the floating buildings," Props spoke.  "Where were they inside this big-big building here?"

	"In the center..."  Rainbow jolted and pointed.  "T-towards the top!  Like, it's right beneath this glass dome thing."

	Props glanced at her uncle.  "If I was an ancient race of mysterious sky ponies..."

	Prowse nodded back.  "Eh'd fancy buildin' mah energy cair in th' huir uv a center ay th' most important structure."

	"Seems kind of presumptious, don't you think?" Belle said.

	"If I can make a suggestion," Pilate said.  "Perhaps if Rainbow Dash led a group back to the control room beneath the glass ceiling, everypony can work togeth