er to find evidence of where the central energy core of this Stratopolis is."

	"What's the point in doing that?" Zaid asked.

	"Whoever built this place must have exhibited a great deal of intelligence and creativity," Pilate said.  His ears twitched in the wet wind.  "It stands to reason that there would be patterns interwoven in their work," he remarked.  "If you look in one important control room, you'll likely find evidence for where to locate another important energy junction."

	"Makes a big auld buckit ay sense tae me!"  Prowse smirked.  "Ah loch ye, zebra! Yoo've got iron an' brains in atween them stripes!"

	"I... dunno if I can recognize any such patterns," Props said.

	"But I know somepony who can."  Rainbow Dash smirked.  "Pilate?  Feel like coming along?"

	Belle did a double-take.  "What...?!"

	"I..."  Pilate gritted his teeth, fidgeting.  "I would just be a burden.  I mean, without O.A.S.I.S..."

	"But you can still envision stuff in your head, now can't you?"  Rainbow Dash flew towards him and placed a hoof on his shoulder.  "Blinders on or off, you're the sharpest knife in this zany little drawer of ours.  So how about it?  We could really use your pointers on the inside."

	Pilate stammered.  "You... y-you really think I can be useful?"

	"Dude, when haven't you been?"  Rainbow Dash smirked.

	"Striped boomer is the best compass Floydien's ever had," the elk remarked with a nod.  "Nancy Jane would approve too."

	Pilate took a shuddering breath.  Clenching his jaw shut, he nodded.  "Alright.  Count me in."

	"Wicked sweet!"  Rainbow Dash helped Pilate towards the edge of the temple.  "I'll be having to fly us over one at a time.  Might as well give you a lift, first..."

	"Rainbow, w-ait!"  Belle exclaimed.

	Pilate jerked to a stop.  Rainbow stared over the zebra's shoulder.  "Something the matter, Ding-Dong?"

	Belle's muzzle hung open.  She twitched... twitched again, then drew back into the temple's shadows, holding Kera close.

	Rainbow blinked, then turned to face the rest of the group.  "Anypony else wanna stretch their legs in a super creepy building filled with ancient skeletons and surrounded by rainstorms?"

	"I bet I could be of some help," Props said, trotting forward.  "You've seen one smexy machine, you've seen them all!"

	"An' there's nae way in bludy heel aam sittin' thes a body it!"  Prowse reached back and tugged a certain snapping turtle along with him.  "Hop along, Tankette!  It's Zabubadabu or bust!"

	"Wh-whoah!  I... uhm..."  She gulped.  "Do I have a choice, Professor?"

	"Please. yoo're a livin' sheel, lassie. Whaur arenae ye safe?  Hmmm?"

	Miss Boreal sighed long and hard.  "Just don't use me to bash any doors in."

	"Ew, he does that?" Zaid remarked.

	"Only one time!"  Prowse frowned, then fidgeted.  "Hoo was Ah tae ken Mintian monks locked aw ay their oothooses?"

	"Guess I'd better haul my butt with you guys too," Josho grumbled, shuffling forward.

	Eagle Eye did a double-take.  "What?!  Old stallion?!  Why?!"

	Josho swiveled around, levitating his shotgun.  "Just because."  He shrugged.  "After all, you never know when or if a water golem or Ledo knows what else might decide to spring out of this place's ancient butt cracks and give us all a headache."

	"Two glasses of shotgun keeps the doctor away, huh?"  Zaid asked.

	"Just be glad that I've not yet used you for target practice."

	"Right.  Erm... shutting up now."

	"So it's settled, then?"  Rainbow Dash asked.  "If so, then let me start flying us over there one at a time—"

	Pilate suddenly gasped.

	"What?"  Rainbow looked at him.  "I know it's a little rain, but I can manage!"

	"Do you h-hear that?"  the zebra stammered, his ears twitching.  "Rising slowly in pitch from the distance?"

	"The heck are you even talking about?" Josho throated.

	"No..."  Ebon Mane winced.  "I hear it too..."

	"Guysies!"  Props gasped, pointing straight down into the lightning-riddled clouds.  "Looksies!"

	Everypony (and elk [and turtle]) craned the