ir necks to see.  It looked like a dark splotch at first, like a thundercloud bubbling with extra dense precipitation.  But then it shot out of the mists like a cannonball, spinning with a high-pitched whistle.  With random pulses of yellow light, the Lounge's ship spiraled out of control, flew into the heart of Stratopolis, and crash landed deep into a large temple several hundred meters below.  Dust flew, and chunks of marble fell into the gray expanse below.  But then all of the chaos of the impact was swiftly swallowed by the rolling thunder of that dank, dank place.

	Belle bit her lip, hugging Kera hard.  Ebon and Eagle Eye exchanged glances.

	"Hmmmf..."  Zaid gulped.  "Bummer."

	"Uhhhhh..."  Rainbow Dash grimaced.

	Floydien glanced at the assembled group.  "All of the time in the world, bearded boomer says?"

		//------------------------------//
		// Dash You Like A Hurricane		//------------------------------//

	"Do you see any movement, Eagle Eye?"

	The petite stallion kept his expert gaze trained on a distant temple hovering through Stratopolis below.  He levitated a sword and shield on one side of his body and a sound stone on the other.  Wiping the rainwater off his muzzle, he took a step back beside the Noble Jury and spoke into the enchanted shard.

	"Not a thing.  If I didn't know better, I'd say they all bought it."

	"We can't know that for sure, kid."

	"I know..."  Eagle Eye sighed.  "But here's hoping."  He turned and glanced at the large round building hovering in front of the Noble Jury's temple.  "That room you're in has control of the obelisks floating these buildings around, right?"



	"Yeahhhhh..." Josho said from where he paced with the levitating shotgun and sound stone.  "What you getting at?"

	"Well, maybe you could give the lever controlling the Lounge's crash site a good shake.  It could toss their ship loose, y'know?"

	"Or send them all running, scurrying, or flying towards us," Josho said.  "As much as I don't like those creepy-masked dudes, I'd rather keep them at leg's distance."

	"Right," Rainbow Dash said from where she floated over the heads of the group.  Her voice echoed across the domed chamber.  "Besides, from the look of the rods here, the obelisk connected to their crash site is at its furthest distance from the heart of Stratopolis.  I don't wanna bring them any closer to where we are or—more importantly—where the Noble Jury is."

	"That works for me."

	"Keep an eye out, fruit basket," Josho said.  "If you see any weirdness, give us a shout, and we'll come running."

	"Will do.  You try not to get yourself hurt too badly, old stallion."

	"Yeah, yeah."  Josho dimmed the soundstone and shuffled back towards the center of the room.  "Yeesh, that prima donna worries too much about me."

	"I think it's a charming trait," Pilate said.

	"Go soak your head in charm for all I care, braymeister."  Josho rested the shotgun over his flank as he nodded towards the array of rods.  "What's going on here?"

	"Apparently, a whole lot ay bludy naethin'," Prowse said.  He squinted at his neice.  "Propsicle?"

	"Mmmnnnghhh..."  Props licked her lips and tensed her forehead as she stroked and rubbed her hooves around one of the many black-spiked staves.  "No luck!  It won't budge!"  She turned to gaze up at Rainbow Dash.  "It won't even glow!"

	"How about you give it a go once more, Miss Dash?" Elma said.

	"Uh huh."  Rainbow Dash flew down and lightly tapped the edge of one shard.

	With a loud grinding noise, it shifted ahead, causing two slabs of granite to slide along with it. Rainbow Dash stopped moving the staff before a dim glow could shimmer across the room.

	"Yeesh!"  Props slumped back on her haunches, her ears folded.  "It does it for you almost right away!"

	"Well, I think the reason is rather obvious," Elma said.

	"And what's that, Tankette?"

	"It must respond to winged ponies," the snapping turtle explained.  She turned to blink at the others.  "This is a city built and run by Rainbow's kind, is it not?"
