
	"That remains to be determined," Pilate said, leaning against the reptile.  "From what Rainbow's discovered, her ancient native ancestors occupied this place, but it doesn't seem likely that they built it."

	"What about the 'Angelic Host' crap?" Josho stated.

	"The What Crap?"  Prowse squinted.

	"Pilate," Josho said.  "Tell 'em about all the Herald junk we ran into."

	"What my colleague is referring to is a group of modern day zealots who are of the firm belief that an ancient race of pegasi acted as the founders of the known world," Pilate explained.  "Or, at least, this part of the world..."

	"This... part...?"  Prowse blinked awkwardly.

	"There's a big ol' machine dwelling beneath all of us, Unky Prowsy!"  Props giggled.  "Smexical, isn't it?"

	"From the evidence that Rainbow has gathered throughout her travels, and from visions my beloved has shared with the knowledge gained by Nightshade Industries, it would seem there's plenty of data to support this fact," Pilate said.

	"Don't forget the book I got from that skeleton in the... erm... giant centipede hole..."  Rainbow Dash rubbed her chin.  "Or was it a millipede?"  A sigh.  "Meh, whatever.  I kicked its thorax either way, I'm sure."

	"Ye mean techt 'at glowin' lift book 'at ye hae caged up in th' heart ay th' elk's skystain ship?"

	"Yup yup up!" Props proudly chirped.

	"Weel i'll be bloon tae blaze's bathroom!"  Prowse smiled wide.  "Zabubadabu gits snazzier by th' minute!"

	"Yes, a regular vacation spot," Josho droned.

	"Perhaps this city floated over Rainbow's homeland in the past," Elma Boreal thought out loud.  "And her ancestors—being pegasi—piloted it far away so it wouldn't rick the local populace."

	"You're saying Commander Hurricane and Company sacrificed themselves to escort Stratopolis out of Equestrian airspace?" Rainbow remarked.

	"That makes some squeaky sense!" Props said.

	"I wish there was a way to test that hypothesis..."  Elma spoke aloud.

	"There may in fact be a way," Pilate said, pacing in a tight circle.  "Rainbow Dash.  You said that there are several pegasus skeletons in here?  Scattered abroad?"

	"Er... yeah...?"

	"Being the only pegasus in the room, might you take offense to us... erm... borrowing a bone or two?"

	Rainbow Dash blinked, then shrugged.  "Knock yourselves out.  I'm pretty sure after so many dang centuries, the spooky scary pony ghosts are too flippin' bored to be disturbed."

	"So what do we need, Pilate?" Josho asked.

	"I suspect a single legbone will do."

	Prowse was already trotting over towards a decayed body lying beside a barricade.  With a shuddering breath, he converted his metal left leg into a thin blade.  "Nopony e'er said archaeology was clean as a whistle..."

	Props gulped and stammered, "Sorry about this, Mr. Skeleton Buddy."

	Crackkk!  With one fell swoop, Prowse lopped a legbone off.  He passed it to Props who nervously trotted across the room and shuffled to a stop beside Pilate.

	"Now..."  The zebra motioned in a vague direction with his head.  "Have it make contact with one of the rods."

	Props did so, wincing slightly.

	Tap.

	The bone was resting against the black shard on the top of a rod.  Silence ensued.

	"Nothing's happening," Props murmured.

	"Huh..."  Elma squinted her reptilian eyes.  "So maybe it doesn't work with all pegasi."

	"Or, more logically, it only works with living ones," Pilate said.

	"Or maybe it only worked with Commander Hurricane," Rainbow Dash said.

	Everyone turned around.

	"Huh?" Josho blinked.

	Rainbow pointed towards the granite slabs lying beneath the stone effigy of the battle-hardened mare.  "Check this out.  This is the tomb that I told you about."

	"And..."  Props shuffled closer, eyes bright and blue.  "You think your beloved Hurricane is sleeping here?"

	"In the only sleep she'll never wake up from," Rainbow said with a nod.  "I mean, it totally matches the way tombs are set up in the old, old districts of Cloudsdale.  You see, Pegasopolis no longer exis