ts," she explained with a shrug.  "Many of its temples were absorbed into the bodies of newer and younger cloud cities.  The remnants of Commander Hurricane's military base are part of Cloudsdale today.  But there's one thing that's not to be found there."

	"A sepulcher," Pilate said.

	"Right.  Besides..."  Rainbow Dash pivoted around, gesturing towards the corridors on the far ends of the room.  "All of the pegasi here look like they were really, really desperate to defend this spot until they kicked the bucket."

	"That's rather honorable," Elma said.  "To protect the remains of their leader far beyond her death."

	"Yeah, but for how long?" Props said.

	"They had a lot of pegasi guarding this place when things went down," Josho said.  "And they were still in formation when they dropped.  Whatever killed them, I think it was sudden.  What's more, I'm pretty sure they had no friggin' expectation of it."

	"Loch a bludy gas barrage?!"  Prowse remarked.

	"It could have been anything," Josho said.  "Maybe they were here for weeks after she died.  Maybe years.  Maybe whole friggin' generations..."

	"Whoah..." Rainbow Dash rubbed her scalp, shuddering.  "That's crazy."

	"Assuming that was the case," Elma said, "Why entomb Hurricane here?  And in this room?  I mean, it doesn't seem to make too much sense, unless—"

	"—both the room and Commander Hurricane were super important!"  Props remarked, blinking.  "Like, perhaps they were inseparable for some reason!"

	"Whit in th' cruddy boomsticks ur ye ramblin' abit, propsicle?"

	"Rainbow Dash...?"

	Rainbow spun about, realizing that Pilate had trotted halfway across the room on his lonesome.

	The zebra was feeling up the statue above the tomb, touching Hurricane's stone features with gentle hooves.  He gazed into nothingness as he said, "This is the effigy in question, I presume."

	"Right on the money, Stripesy."

	"I can't help but notice..."  Pilate rubbed his hooves together, then furrowed his brow.  "...there seems to be a fine layer of sediment over this."

	"Well, yeah, Pilate."  Rainbow fluttered over him.  "I know you can't see it, but this place is old as all friggin' get-out."

	"I think this is important," Pilate said.  He leaned forward, rubbing his hoof across the very front of the tomb just beneath the statue.  "I sense that there's something beneath the surface... like fine impressions..."

	"You mean like engravings?" Josho said.

	"Perhaps.  Do you see what I'm talking about?"

	"Uhhh..."  Rainbow Dash squinted.  "Barely."

	"There's too much dust on it," Elma said.  "It's impossible to read."

	"Hauld oan, wee jimmies an' burds."  Prowse stepped forward, cracking his living joints.  Clak-clak-clak!  His left limb turned into a metal cylinder.  "Ah hink i've got jist th' solution we need. Propsicle? Coods ye support th' wee statue oan th' other side?"

	Props rushed up, gripping the muzzle and ear of Commander Hurricane's effigy.  "Got it, Uncky Prowsy!"

	"Micht an aw dae yerself a favur an' cowre yer gob while yoo're at it."  Prowse's eyes narrowed with concentration.  His forelimb vibrated with a constant, steady hum.  Props swiftly slid her goggles over her eyes and tilted her wincing expression away.  Elma, Josho, and Rainbow Dash watched as the stallion's instrument shook the excess grime and sediment of time off the statue's surface.  A fine cloud of dust rolled across the room in a invisible breeze.

	"You're doing it, Professor!  It's working!" Elma exclaimed.

	"Yeesh..."  Josho exhaled, his eyes narrow.  "That's a lot of words."

	"There we go..."  Prowse stepped back, converting his limb into a normal brace.  "'At shoods be clear as day, noo."

	"Are the words legible to you, Rainbow?"  Pilate asked.

	"Uhm..."  Rainbow Dash hovered until she was barely an inch off the floor.  She blinked at the engravings.  "Believe it or not, yeah!  This is some crazy-old form of Equestrian Basic!  But the words totally make sense to me!  Huh... imagine that—"

	"Uhmmm..."  Props fidgeted.